In modern use , the parlor is a formal sitting room in a large house or mansion .

It was generally in the west range of the buildings of the cloister , close to the main entrance .

As a measure , `` Fertility Rate '' is the number of children born per couple , person or population .

The neighborhood is a tribute to the woman portuguese Felicidade Borges .

It is a genus of around 80 species in the plant family Proteaceae .

He was Lord Chancellor , once from June 1475 to September 1475 and then again from October 1485 to March 1487 .

The song was completed on August 6 , when McCartney recorded a solo on a Moog synthesizer .

In 1913 , the two towns were joined together to make the modern-day town of Murrurundi .

The first people to live in the Murrurundi area were the Australian aboriginal people , the Wanaruah and the Kamilaroi .

Some days he will treat you like his long-lost brother .

These standard abbreviations can be found at the IPNI , Author Query page .

They have their home stadium in Langnau .

Bhutan national football team is the national football team of Bhutan .

Bomberman Land Touch !

It was named in August 2003 after Praxidike , the Greek goddess of punishment .

At Badwater Basin , big rainstorms sometimes flood the bottom of the valley . They cover the salt pan with a thin sheet of standing water .

Falls Church is a city of Virginia in the United States .

The Lewis and Clark Expedition was the first American expedition to sight the Snake River .

It has 3 main components ; cells , fibers , and extracellular matrix .

She has appeared topless in many tabloid newspapers and has appeared on her own reality TV show , Totally Jodie Marsh .

He is the son of Carlos ColÃ n , Sr. and the younger brother of pro wrestlers Stacy and Carly ColÃ n , who used to wrestle as Carlito in WWE .

In the Star Wars fictional universe , battle droids are robots that are made for fighting .

The game is the sequel to the original PC game , Barbie Fashion Show .

The LÃ 1\/4 beck law -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- German language German : LÃ 1\/4 bisches Recht -RRB- was one of a few charters for town privileges . The LÃ 1\/4 beck law said there should be a city council -LRB- Rat -RRB- .

Nicknamed `` Tige , '' Anderson was noted as one of Robert E. Lee 's hardest-fighting subordinates .

During her career , she won 4 Grand Slam singles titles and 6 Grand Slam doubles titles .

The tribe claims descent from Dhond Khan and ` Abbas ibn ` Abd al-Muttalib and so are known as Dhund Abbasi .

Provides a simple wrapper for -LRB- up to 5 consecutive -RRB- citation tags that minimizes visual impact on the text , which along with the simpler syntax increases code readability and editability .

Gerra -LRB- Gambarogno -RRB- is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .

Ornex is a commune .

Fauquembergues is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

E la du permanis silence .

Revere is most famous for his `` Midnight Ride '' on the night of April 18-19 , 1775 .

Part of the North Stand is called the Family Stand .

Their first Premier League win did not come until 14 September . Nicolas Anelka scored a hat-trick to help City beat Aston Villa 4 â `` 1 .

And the Yuna River has been filling the SamanÃ Bay with solid material and only small boats can get to the port .

After the double-murder suicide , former wrestler Chris Nowinski contacted Michael Benoit , father of Chris Benoit , suggesting that years of trauma to his son 's brain may have led to his actions .

He was a member of the Turkish ultra-nationalist Grey Wolves organization .

While California 's median income was not near enough to afford the average California home or even a starter home , West Virginia , which had the nation 's lowest median household income also had the nation 's lowest median home price .

His autobiography is called Notes Sans Musique -LRB- Notes Without Music -RRB- , later rewritten as Ma Vie Heureuse -LRB- My Happy Life -RRB- .

To the east of Chitral are the federally controlled Northern Areas of Pakistan-administered Kashmir and to the south are the Pakistani internal districts of Upper Dir and Swat .

In the first two sentences above , only one punctuation mark is used at the end of each .

Depending on the typeface , the opening and closing quotation marks may be identical in form -LRB- called `` vertical '' or `` straight '' or `` typewriter '' quotation marks -RRB- , or they may be distinctly left-handed and right-handed -LRB- `` typographic '' or , colloquially , `` curly '' quotation marks -RRB- .

The most common way is to simply alternate between the two forms , thus :

Jun Uruno -LRB- born 23 October 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Roasso Kumamoto .

A stem is one of two main structural axes of a vascular plant .

It joins the Ohio at Carrollton .

Rotational forces stabilize the bullet gyroscopically as well as aerodynamically -LRB- spinning keeps it on track -RRB- .

It is named after Green Bay , an arm of Lake Michigan .

In the complicated plants , most of the inside of a plant cell is taken up by a central vacuole . That central vacuole is the main thing that keeps osmotic pressure so the cell can hold its shape .

The Red Deer lives in most of Europe , the Caucasus Mountains region , Asia Minor and parts of western and central Asia , in Kashmir as the state animal .

In 2008 , Manuel Pino received the Nuclear-Free Future Award .

A glacier is a large body of ice and snow .

There are two kinds of glaciers : continental glaciers and alpine , or mountain , glaciers .

Many of these are natives of the city ; others traveled to Dunedin to be educated at the University of Otago .

American soldiers brought Lindy Hop\/Jitterbug to Europe around 1942 , where this dance quickly became popular among the young .

The 1989 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15 , 1989 in the Eastern Pacific , and June 1 , 1989 in the Central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 1989 .

Wavrans-sur-Ternoise is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Step Brothers is a 2008 comedy film directed by Adam McKay , produced by Judd Apatow and Jimmy Miller , and stars Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly .

Wingo is a city of Kentucky in the United States .

Bop It Download has a maximum score of 1000 and 15 difficulty levels .

The CN Tower is a communications and tourist tower in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .

Chachapoyas is a province of Amazonas Region , Peru .

But the dachshund of today was bred in Europe , and it has parts of German , French , and English hounds and terriers .

The term `` Avatar '' comes from the language of Sanskrit , one of the most ancients languages of India .

Each nation has its own natural element , on which it bases its society .

The invasion will be staged by a ragtag group of benders and warriors who Aang has helped along his journey .

Ciprian Marica -LRB- born 2 October 1985 -RRB- is a Romanian football player . He plays for Stuttgart and Romania 's national team .

From the 1830s to 1853 , Van Diemen 's Land was the main penal colony in Australia . When Britain stopped sending prisoners to New South Wales , all convicts were sent to Van Diemen 's Land .

It produced three top two singles on the Billboard Hot 100 , selling over 2.6 million in the U.S. , and three million worldwide , and earned various awards and nominations .

The NFSA started in 1935 as the National Historical Film and Speaking Record Library which was then part of the Commonwealth National Library . It became an independent statutory authority as the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia in 2008 .

Analog Science Fiction and Fact is an American science fiction magazine .

Normally , only one of the schools in the school union has a high school , but unlike MSADs -LRB- talked about below -RRB- , students in the whole school union are not forced to be at that school .

In 2002 he went to Austria Salzburg , and 2005 , after the club was bought by Red Bull , he played with F.C. Red Bull Salzburg .

The name of the shrine comes from the Arabic word Hazrat , meaning holy or majestic , and the Kashmiri word bal , meaning place .

A soldier armed with a musket was called a musketman or musketeer .

Kimitoshi NÅ gawa -LRB- born 6 February 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .

An automatic feathering system was first brought out into the open on the Martin 4-0-4 aircraft , which was a piston engine airplane .

Most goods produced in Damascus , as well as in Syria , are distributed to Countries of the Arabian peninsula .

Cassy and Emmeline , with Tomâ s encouragement , run away .

She had at most a ready command of broadly conceived melodrama , humor , and pathos , and of these â she compounded her book . ''

George Bernard Shaw , for example , reviewed the play in the Saturday Review . He said that comedy plays should not only be funny but touching , saying , `` I go to the theater to be moved to laughter '' .

Gustave Caillebotte -LRB- 19 August 1848 - 21 February 1894 -RRB- was a French painter .

Now they are mostly used for electric power generation .

In 1826 Benoit Fourneyron developed an outward-flow turbine .

The rap and hip hop music industry has become one of the most successful music genres .

Marinho Peres -LRB- born 19 March , 1947 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .

This deep area is the Mariana trench proper .

Bukit Timah Road is known as tek kha kang a kinn in Hokkien , which means `` the side of the stream in the tek kha -LRB- or Selegie Road -RRB- district '' .

MonciÃ n is a city and municipality of the Santiago RodrÃ guez province , in northwestern Dominican Republic .

A lower number of statisticians are self-employed as statistical consultants .

Clayton is a city of Iowa in the United States .

He argued that when eating , one should not eat too richly , for it could lead to dissatisfaction later , such as the grim realization that one could not afford such delicacies in the future .

Ehud Olmert , another member of Sharon 's newly formed Kadima party , was acting Prime Minister until elections were held in Israel , after which Olmert became Prime Minister of Israel .

In many Spanish-Speaking Latin American countries , the foreign minister is colloquially called canciller -LRB- chancellor -RRB- .

In one episode , Aang meets his previous incarnation , Avatar Roku -LRB- born on Fire Nation -RRB- , who said him that he must learn all four bending arts and win Fire Lord Ozai before the end of summer .

Airbending , the element that Aang mainly uses in the show , is based on Baguazhang , an `` internal '' Chinese martial art .

When the team , named team `` Avatar '' , arrived in the Northern Water Tribe , a Waterbender named Master Pakku teaches Aang -LRB- and later Katara -RRB- waterbending .

He has played for Japan national team .

In class , his classmates , Scott Hoager -LRB- Cameron Wakefield -RRB- and Gary Fulcher -LRB- Elliot Lawless -RRB- tease him . A new student his age named Leslie Burke -LRB- AnnaSophia Robb -RRB- comes to the school .

That 's a heck of a range for such a young actor . ''

Leslie becomes frustrated by Janice 's fee for entering the toilet .

Fraga was a politician in Spain under Francisco Franco 's dictatorial regime and in the democracy after Franco 's death .

Stockwell tube station is a London Underground station in Stockwell , in the London Borough of Lambeth .

It is situated between Clapham North and Oval on the Northern Line , and between Vauxhall and Brixton on the Victoria Line .

It is in Travelcard Zone 2 .

It is formed by a group of Christian teachers and Christ 's Harvest Church to organize some special activities , Morning Assembly and Fellowship .

Instead , the quirks are not the work of college-dropout billionaires , but rather just a collection of misdirected changes .

Rhea Silvia is the mother of the twin brothers Romulus and Remus in Roman mythology . She was the daughter of Numitor Silvius , king of Alba Longa .

This commune has the most people living in it of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , although it is not the prÃ fecture -LRB- capital -RRB- , which can be found in the smaller town of Privas .

In 2001 , the Irish state opened a guest residence nearby in Farmleigh , a former Guinness mansion .

It was the second tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season . It formed as an extratropical cyclone , a type of weather system , to the southeast of Nantucket , Massachusetts .

The new Greater London Authority -LRB- GLA -RRB- was established in 2000 .

The children who read his books often wrote to Baum , and asked him to write more about Oz . This caused Baum to begin a series of books set in the fantasy land of Oz .

Grillon is a commune of 1,686 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .

Dir was a small former princely state located in the modern North-West Frontier Province in Pakistan .

Seventy-six trains out of a fleet of 88 are needed to run the line 's peak service . One unit -LRB- 166-566-366 -RRB- was severely damaged by the terrorist attack of 7 July 2005 .

He studied art in Berlin , Essen , and Munich , before enrolling as a student at the prestigious Weimar Bauhaus in 1920 .

Players for the Montreal Canadiens have won the Vezina 28 times .

Hellenistic sculpture repeats the innovations of the second classicism : perfect sculpture in the round , allowing the statue to be admired from all angles ; study of draping and effects of transparency of clothing ; suppleness of poses .

Al-Nasr Benghazi is a football club which plays in Libya .

In the fall of 2006 , the villages of Cavergno and Bignasco were put into the municipality , even though Bignasco did not want to do so .

The actual site of his grave is not known .

`` Black Square '' was painted in 1915 and was a breakthrough in his career and in art in general .

As Ike moved inland , it brought moderate flooding and wind damage during the Midwest and as far north as Pennsylvania .

Nakajima hoped that by joining Toyota he would shield himself against any claims that his father had promoted his career .

The problem of wiki-stalking involves tracing user-editing of various pages , along with determining a list of people you have contacted , by analyzing your access to user-talk pages , or other websites .

Similar to a legendary troll under the bridge , who waits and makes demands of travellers trying to cross the bridge , the difficult users tend to hang around some significant articles , knowing that certain people will want to change or correct part of the text .

The Black Vulture -LRB- Coragyps atratus -RRB- , also known as the American Black Vulture , is a bird in the New World vulture family whose range extends from the southeastern United States to Central Chile and Uruguay in South America .

Viktor Baturinsky wrote `` Now came Botvinnik 's turn to defend his title in accordance with the new qualifying system which he himself had outlined in 1946 '' .

Mikhail Afanasyevich Bulgakov -LRB- May 15 1891 - March 10 1940 -RRB- was a Soviet novelist and playwright .

Bulgakov died from problems with his kidneys on March 10 , 1940 .

It is mostly owned by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing , which also controls Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited -LRB- HKFE -RRB- and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited .

Alison Moyet was born in Billericay , Essex , England . Her father was French , and her mother was English .

Valeri Nepomniachi -LRB- born 7 August 1943 -RRB- is a Russian football manager .

Norse captain Leif Ericson is believed to have reached the Island of Newfoundland circa 1000 AD .

However , basketball became a demonstration sport at the 1904 Games in St. Louis , USA .

By 700 AD Dorset had inhabited Dildo Island .

Mary Magdalene is a woman in all four gospels of the New Testament .

The body mass index -LRB- or BMI -RRB- is a measure which shows whether people have the right weight for their height .

Barry said the words `` May God have mercy on your soul '' and sentenced Kelly to death . Kelly said `` I will go a little further than that , and say I will see you there when I go '' .

It is divided into three federal states within Sudan : Gharb Darfur -LRB- West Darfur -RRB- , Janub Darfur -LRB- South Darfur -RRB- , and Shamal Darfur -LRB- North Darfur -RRB- .

He was the third son ; and his older brother was Emperor Senka .

They are called the University of Dundee and the University of Abertay Dundee .

For Aristotle , reason is what is most special about humanity compared to other animals , and is what we achieve at our best .

Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney is a video game for the Nintendo DS . It is a remake of a Japanese -LRB- from Japan -RRB- video game for the GBA -LRB- Game Boy Advance -RRB- called Gyakuten Saiban .

He also wrote many articles and introductions to story collections . He translated three books from German to English .

Social studies is a little different than social science , though many of the social sciences are covered in social studies .

EliÃ zio Santos Santana -LRB- born 31 March 1987 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .

Bret Hart said no , and he also fired Barrett .

However , Sheamus and Cena were able to hold them off and escape , with Sheamus winning .

In St. Thomas , wind speeds from Ana were recorded at 28 mph -LRB- 45 km\/h -RRB- and gusts peaked at 40 mph -LRB- 65 km\/h -RRB- .

The Brassicales are an order of flowering plants . They are in the eurosids II group of dicotyledons under the APG II system .

Gianpiero Combi -LRB- born 20 November 1902 - died 12 August 1956 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .

Rapid deepening is a condition that happens when the minimum sea-level atmospheric pressure of a tropical cyclone goes down at lot very quickly .

He studied there until 1746 when his father died , then left KÃ nigsberg to take up a job as tutor .

Commes is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Donau-Ries -LRB- Danube-Ries -RRB- is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria , Germany .

Jefferson City is the capital city in Missouri , United States .

This idea exists today within the Level 4 and Level 5 practices of the Capability Maturity Model Integration -LRB- CMMI -RRB- .

The first station in Punt Road was at ground level and opened on 8 February , 1859 .

Titus held seven consulships during Vespasian 's reign and acted as his secretary , appearing in the Senate on his behalf .

Bizzar is the sixth studio album by American Horrorcore band , Insane Clown Posse and is the second half of Bizaar .

Besides the Latin name , Ignatius , he also called himself Theophorus -LRB- `` God Bearer '' -RRB- , and tradition says he was one of the children Jesus took in His arms and blessed .

He was created by Shigeru Miyamoto and designed by Takaya Imamura .

Saint - Ã tienne-de-Fontbellon is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .

They play Canadian football . The CFL is the second most popular sports league in Canada after the NHL .

William Henry Cavendish Cavendish-Bentinck , 3rd Duke of Portland , -LRB- 14 April 1738 â `` 30 October 1809 -RRB- was a British Whig and Tory statesman and Prime Minister of Great Britain .

The nearest towns are Privas and Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut .

Shawnee Park is a park in Louisville , Kentucky .

From 1966 he taught state law and political science as a full professor at the Free University of Berlin -LRB- FUB -RRB- .

Shea was also the home of the New York Yankees while Yankee Stadium was being renovated for the 1974 and 1975 seasons .

William A. Shea Municipal Stadium or more commonly Shea Stadium -LRB- often referred to in short as Shea -RRB- was a major league ballpark that was the home for the New York Mets 1964 to 2008 when the Mets left for their new home Citi Field . Shea was also the home of the New York Yankees while Yankee Stadium was being renovated for the 1974 and 1975 seasons .

One was called low-energy electron diffraction -LRB- LEED -RRB- used at the beginning of his career and later he worked on ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy -LRB- UPS -RRB- and scanning tunneling microscope -LRB- STM -RRB- .

Some types of terracotta are created from clay that includes recycled terracotta -LRB- `` grog '' -RRB- .

The unglazed color after firing can vary widely , but most common clays contain enough iron to cause an orange , orangish red , or brownish orange color , with this range including various colors described as `` terracotta '' .

Claudius wrote copiously throughout his life .

Some people suggest replacing the income tax with a larger sale tax . That idea is called the fair tax .

Deinosuchus fossils have been found in ten U.S. states , as well as northern Mexico .

`` FAI '' stands for FÃ dÃ ration AÃ ronautique Internationale .

At Louis XV 's instigation , Philip was given Parma as Louise Ã lisabeth had frequently asked him to bestow territory on her husband .

Gricourt is a commune . It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France .

Events which were not part of the Formula One World Championship are indicated by a pink background .

Toki Pona is a minimal -LRB- very small -RRB- language .

In 1984 , Aaron Kwok joined a dancer training course at HK-TVB , where his talent for dancing was shown .

DennebrÅ `` ucq is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Jhangochi -LRB- Ø Ú 3\/4 Ù Ú Ù Ú Û -RRB- is the oldest and most conservative dialect of the Punjabi -LRB- Lahndi or western Punjabi or seraeki -RRB- language .

In 1873 the town was renamed to Parkes in honor of Sir Henry Parkes .

However , after she traveled to the tournament she learned she had been tricked : `` I found out that the first - and second-place winners in the womenâ s event were going to be invited to play in the menâ s event .

She would later appear on television many more times . For example , in broadcasts of pool matches , and in an interview on The Mike Douglas Show shown on January 11 , 1977 with Bernadette Peters and David Niven .

Reporting on the competition , The New York Times stated : `` Miss Balukas showed signs of strong title contention throughout the tournament play as she defeated six opponents with precision shooting and near flawless strategy . ''

Cerisy is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .

To the south of the Nahe , there is the Palatinate .

The HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck is a low mountain range in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .

She was the protector of lower Egypt .

The study and the generalization of this problem by Tait , Heawood , Ramsey and Hadwiger led to the study of the colorings of the graphs embedded on surfaces with arbitrary genus .

Human rights abuses are also often called human rights violations .

Real property is a type of property that includes land and buildings and infrastructure in land . It is one of two types of property that one can own , and the other is personal property .

Bowers Coaches is a bus operator in the United Kingdom .

In 1973 , it was discovered that the FBI were focusing on the Weatherman as well as the New Left . This was part of several secret , and sometimes illegal FBI projects called COINTEL .

Joe Doe The Example Company 604-555-1234 http://example.com/

During the rule of the Mughal the district was famous for its textile products - especially the Muslin .

Cypress is a name used for many plants in the conifer family Cupressaceae -LRB- cypress family -RRB- .

U.S. Republicans hostile to the plan had also gained seats in the 1950 Congressional elections .

Adams won the British Chess Championship in 1989 at the age of seventeen .

He received his Ph. D. from the University of Florida in 1979 in systems ecology , with a minor in economics .

Gloucestershire borders the county of Gwent in Wales , and in England the counties of Herefordshire , Worcestershire , Warwickshire , Oxfordshire , Wiltshire , Somerset and Bristol .

At his mother 's urging , Milarepa left home and studied magic so that he could take revenge on his uncle and aunt .

Each year the area has two rainy seasons . These are called ` the long rains ' -LRB- in April and May -RRB- and ` the short rains ' -LRB- in October and November -RRB- .

Dar es Salaam continued to be its capital .

Betschwanden is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .

Suhr is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

When King Saul saw that David was brave enough to fight Goliath , he sent him .

Jogging is running at a slow speed .

After this , the city was probably deserted . When the Hungarians arrived in the area , it was in ruins .

Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 animated movie , released by Walt Disney Pictures on June 21 , 2002 .

The holes of the cheese are called the `` eyes '' , and a Swiss cheese which does not have holes is called a `` blind '' cheese .

In the parliamentary session of 1905 plans were submitted for another station at the south end of the tunnel . The station would be underneath Wellington Street .

Paolo Barison -LRB- born 23 June , 1936 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .

However , it became part of the system in 1956 .

Each such unit is called ommatidium , several are called ommatidia .

When using serial communication , only one bit is transferred at a time , for example over a communication channel or computer bus .

This is because under higher temperatures the phosphate undergoes color changes , which are measured with the conodont alteration index .

Nine years later , in 1156 , Prince Yuri Dolgoruki ordered the building of a wooden wall , which had to be redone many times , to go around the growing city .

The time limit only happens inside the Earth 's atmosphere but they have none of those problems in outer space .

As Walter Juniper wrote , â Everything , including artistic characterization and consistency of characterization , were sacrificed to humor , and character portrayal remained only where it was necessary for the success of the plot and humor to have a persona who stayed in character , and where the persona by his portrayal contributed to humor .

The continent of Antarctica is a land mass that is most of the area within the Antarctic Circle .

By July 2009 , she had recorded nine tracks of the new album . These songs included `` Everybody Hurts '' and `` Darlin '' .

Houghton House was built in 1621 by Mary , Countess of Pembroke and brother of the poet Sir Philip Sidney .

Over 700 of the inmates lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to Germany in 1944 .

Clerical inductees of the order may , when officiating , wear over their cassock and surplice a tippet of black with red lining , edging , and buttons , a 76mm wide star worn on the left breast and the accordant badge suspended at the neck .

She picked it out and as it started to wrap around her finger , she slowly felt something warm .

Royal residences and former royal residences in the United Kingdom .

The ground coffee should be more coarse than that used for a drip brew coffee filter , and far coarser than that used for espresso . Anything other than a coarse grind will go through the press filter and into the coffee .

In Australia , South Africa and Ireland it is known as a coffee plunger and coffee brewed in it is known as plunger coffee .

While in Britian , Sorcha finds a new danger in the form of Lord Richard , Red 's uncle .

All video projectors use a very bright light to project the image , and most modern ones can correct any curves , blurriness , and other inconsistencies through manual settings .

Since 2003 , McAllister has been the leader of the CDU parliamentary party group in the Parliament of Lower Saxony , of which he has been a member since 1998 .

Milton is a city of Iowa in the United States .

Mahakala had short arms and no ability to glide .

Soon after the bat 's discovery in the 1970s , some roosting sites became disturbed as a result of tourism , scientific collection , and even the collection and sale of individuals as souvenirs .

However , many low-traffic articles have gone years without being hacked .

With widespread establishment of power grids , power transmission has came to be associated most often with electric power transmission .

They specify the basic instruction type . Other fields may give the type of the operands , the addressing mode , and so on .

This is the hexadecimal color code used for Great Eastern Railway lines .

If two pitchers receive the same number of votes , the award is shared between the two .

Adelboden is a municipality of the district of Frutigen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .

In the United States , breast cancer is the most common cancer in women , and the second most common cause of cancer death in women -LRB- after lung cancer -RRB- . In 2007 , breast cancer caused about 40,910 deaths -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 2 % of all deaths -RRB- in the U.S. Women in the United States have a 1 in 8 chance of getting breast cancer in their lives .

JosÃ Leandro Ferreira -LRB- born 17 March , 1959 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player . He has played for Flamengo and Brazil national team .

The Lancia V6 in 1950 used a 60 Â angle between the cylinder banks and a six-throw crankshaft . to achieve equally spaced firing intervals of 120 Â .

The Jewish Virtual Library also has the Israel advocacy text `` Myths and Facts '' , edited by Mitchell Bard , in several languages .

Belarusian -LRB- belarusion : Ð ` Ð Ð '' Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð , transliteration : BieÅ aruskaja mova -RRB- is a eastern slavic language .

It tells the story of dragon-slayer Siegfried at the court of the Burgundians , and of the revenge of his wife Kriemhild , which leads to the death all the heroes of the Bugundians and of Kriemhild as well .

The median age was 35 years .

It contains approximately 2700 a of redwood and grassland .

While the western part of the boulevard retained its character , the area around present-day Bebelplatz was changed after the Thirty Years ' War and fortified . There are no trees .

The search was made more enticing when a New York billiard table maker offered a $ 10,000 prize for a substitute material .

In 1947 he returned to his home town where he followed in his fatherâ s footsteps as a doctor .

Bouilly is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .

Nuneaton is the largest town in the English county of Warwickshire .

But by this place Christian went without much danger , whereat I somewhat wondered ; but I have learned since , that Pagan has been dead many a day ; and as for the other , though he be yet alive , he is by reason of age , and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes , grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts , that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth , grinning at Pilgrims as they go by , and biting his nails , because he can not come at them .

The explicit Protestant theology of The Pilgrim 's Progress made it popular .

My Sister 's Keeper is a 2004 novel written by Jodi Picoult .

The seventh century Tamil Nadu saw the rise of the Pallavas under Mahendravarman I and his son Mamalla Narasimhavarman I. The Pallavas were not a recognized political power before the second century .

When energy changes from one form to another , the amount of energy stays the same . Energy can not be made or destroyed .

Midhurst is a town in West Sussex , England . In 2001 there were 4,889 people living in Midhurst .

BRIC is used to talk about the countries of Brazil , Russia , India and China . Many economists think that all these countries are at a similar stage of economic development .

BPC Section â `` 377A .

The term can refer to a training place for any of the Japanese arts but it is considered the formal gathering place for students of a martial arts style to train , take exams and fight .

During this time they were called the New Orleans \/ Oklahoma City Hornets .

After the war , Frederick William did not keep the promises he had made in 1813 to supply Prussia with a constitution .

Another type of heavy metal in the 1980s was called `` thrash metal '' or `` thrash . ''

The prefecture -LRB- capital -RRB- is Lons-le-Saunier .

Because of bad marks , von Braun had to attend a boarding school near Weimar , in 1925 .

Unusually for a bird with such a large range , it has no geographical subspecies if the possibly conspecific Eaton 's Pintail is considered to be a separate species .

Over a thousand athletes competed in 19 different sports .

Rangel was hired as the first non-white employee to join the Mozambican newspaper Noticias de Tarde in 1952 , where he worked as a photographer .

Its underwings are yellowish with black speckle .

The upperside is creamy white with black tips to the forewings .

Tatsuya Ishikawa -LRB- born 25 December 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .

To make the Linux kernel suitable for use with the code from the GNU Project , Linus Torvalds started a switch from his original license -LRB- which did not allow people to sell it -RRB- to the GNU GPL .

The GPL requires that anyone who distributes the Linux kernel must make the source code -LRB- and any modifications -RRB- available to the recipient under the same terms .

The movement 's purpose was to reaffirm orthodox Protestant Christianity and zealously defend it against the challenges of liberal theology , German higher criticism , Darwinism , and other movements which it regarded as harmful to Christianity .

It is home to the Minot State University which opened in 1913 .

It was in purchased by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1845 .

The single also had a remix of `` Banquet '' done by The Streets , for which a music video was also made .

However , Gordon Moakes said on the group 's official Internet forum that the name was made by joining the eastern `` Blocs '' and the western `` parties '' , in the political sense .

On 1 February 2007 , A Weekend in the City was made able free to listen to on the band 's official MySpace page .

The grateful French king spread around the information about the food which had cured him .

His killer , Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested but was shot dead by Jack Ruby two days later , before there was a trial .

Agnez-l Ã s-Duisans is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Shunta Nagai -LRB- born 12 July 1982 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

The field windings are made of tightly wound coils of wire inside the motor case .

Traditionally road vehicles -LRB- cars , buses and trucks -RRB- have used diesel or gasoline engines with a transmission .

Verlincthun is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Adobe Systems , which acquired Aldus , now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification .

In 1800 , the whole of the Northwest Territory had 43,365 people living in it .

To commemorate Patroclus the Greeks later introduced boxing -LRB- pygme \/ pygmachia -RRB- to the Olympic Games in 688 BC .

Until around 500 BC himantes were used as protection for the knuckles and hand .

A similar course would seem to be advisable here ; the designation V for the inner satellite was tolerated for a time , as it was considered to be in a class by itself ; but it has now got companions , so that this subterfuge disappears .

It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .

Gandalf , his friends , and a small group of Rohirrim then go to Isengard , Saruman 's home .

Yi Jianlian -LRB- born October 27 , 1987 in Heshan , Guangdong -RRB- is an Chinese basketball player that currently plays for the Washington Wizards of the NBA .

Watford is a station at the end of the Watford branch of London Underground 's Metropolitan Line in the north-western part of the network in Zone 7 , previously zone A.

The 2007-08 Calgary Flames season is the team 's 27th season in the National Hockey League since the franchise relocated to Calgary .

In recent years , however , this series appears to have been discontinued .

They are cells that possess a large smooth nucleus , a large area of cytoplasm and many internal vesicles for processing foreign material .

Cremated remains can be kept in a container called an urn , thrown into the air or water of a place that was special to the cremated person , or buried in the ground .

Products were shipped under the Maxis logo for several years until 2004 , when The Sims 2 had only the Electronic Arts logo on the box cover . As of October 18 2006 , with the release of The Sims 2 : Pets expansion pack , the Maxis title has been removed from the game 's start .

This is a list of Number 1 singles in 1996 in New Zealand , starting with the first chart dated , January 12 , 1996 .

On pictures he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face .

Nieuwerkerken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .

Renowned artist Tone -LRB- ä '' ç è '' -RRB- formed his own band after releasing his first debut album titled '' æ ` ç 6:57 am '' , and recruited the other two members to form Cool Silly .

A new car took the place of the Model T in 1928 , the Ford Model A.

The water organ or hydraulic organ is a kind of pipe organ .

Huxley compares these remains with existing human races .

Very small amounts of allergens can still cause anaphylaxis .

The team owner , principal and crew , however , did not need to have the same nationality as the team .

Unlike most other herons , it feeds in relatively dry grassy habitats , often accompanying cattle or other large mammals , since it catches insect and small vertebrate prey disturbed by these animals .

It was certified 14 times platinum by the BPI , four times platinum by the RIAA , eight times platinum by the CRIA and six times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association .

The Proto-Elamite city of Susa was founded around 5000 BCE in the watershed of the river Karun .

Ravenpaw comes to meet Fireheart to tell him where Cloudpaw is , and so he , Fireheart , and Sandstorm go and rescue Cloudpaw .

The leaves are parallel-veined , and usually appear long and pointed , often with a hardened spine on the end , and sometimes with additional spines along the margins .

Wolverhampton is a city in England .

Spirochaetes are distinguished from other bacterial phyla by the location of their flagella , sometimes called axial filaments , which run lengthwise between the cell wall and outer membrane .

The official name of the park is Ueno Onshi KÅ en , which can be translated as `` Ueno Imperial Gift Park '' .

Story framed as a letter from Gilbert Markham to his friend and brother-in-law .

ZIP '' and the MIME media type .

Ã mile Durkheim and later theorists , meant with anomie a reaction against or a retreat from the regulatory social controls of society , and is a completely separate concept from anarchy which is an absence of effective rulers or leaders .

The northern island contains many glaciers , while the southern one has a tundra landscape .

The film began production in early 2007 and was released on July 18 2008 in the United States , to overwhelming critical acclaim .

Once they get back to camp , it turns out the capture the flag game has not ended yet , and Annabeth puts them in jail .

This is a way to decide if soil is strong enough to build a road on .

They came to harvest trepang -LRB- sea cucumber -RRB- , turtle shell , pearls and other prized items to trade in their homeland .

Crocodile hunting which has been banned since 1972 made a huge impact on crocodile numbers .

The Border Store near Ubirr Art Site and Cahills Crossing , 50km north of Jabiru , is a general store .

Fifty-one species of freshwater fish have been found in Kakaduâ s waterways ; eight of them have a restricted distribution .

Coffee is grown in the mountainous regions of the province , and during the coffee harvest , there may be road blocks , where soldiers ensure that the coffee is delivered to the government and not the black market .

However , in 1529 it was taken over by King Henry VIII .

Portland Point is the southernmost point in Jamaica .

McCartney had never been satisfied with this style , which he said was `` chunky . ''

Since 2000 , the president of the ICRC has been Jakob Kellenberger . Kellenberger does not make many public appearances or statements but is good at personal negotiation promoting the ICRC privately .

The ICRC has a special job , based on the Geneva Conventions as well as other international law , to protect the victims of international and internal armed conflicts .

VÃ sines is a commune .

Many trilobites developed bizarre spines and nodules to defend against predators such as primitive sharks and nautiloids . Other trilobites evolved to become swimming forms .

Crafts were very successful , and there were around 15 guilds in the town ; the bootmaker and the most famous furrier guild existed for the longest time .

The races were stopped because of World War II . It was started again in 1962 as part of the Formula One circuit .

In American drum and bugle corps , G is considered the traditional key for bugles to be pitched in .

In 1919 , the municipalities of Langdorf , Kurzdorf , Huben , Herten , and Horgenbach became part of Frauenfeld .

Curtis is married with two children .

Le Ponchel is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

HyperText Markup Language -LRB- HTML -RRB- is a markup language for creating webpages .

Le Portel is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

She was particularly admired in operas like Verdi 's La forza del destino , Aida , Otello , Puccini 's Manon Lescaut , La bohÃ me , Tosca , Madama Butterfly , Ponchielli 's La Gioconda , Boito 's Mefistofele , Giordano 's Andrea ChÃ nier , Cilea 's Adriana Lecouvreur , Catalini 's La Wally .

Norman , is the county seat and largest city in Cleveland County in the U.S. state of Oklahoma , and is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area .

Though the main prize for PepsiCo was Gatorade sports drink , Quaker 's cereal and snack food division serves as seemingly healthier complement to the existing Frito-Lay salty-snacks division .

There would be comments by `` cousin Alice , '' such as her later description of FDR as `` two-thirds mush and one-third Eleanor '' .

The number of domino tilings of a 2 Ã -- 2 checkerboard is 2 .

The two cells prepare to divide again in a stage known as Interkinesis or Interphase II .

Seeing that he was facing difficulties , Galerius made the first advances towards reconciliation . and dispatched two officers to tempt the Romans by the offer of a conference .

Galeriusâ need for additional revenue led him to make a strict and rigorous examination of the property of his subjects for the purpose of taxation .

In frustration , Galerius allowed his legions to ravage the countryside as they passed northwards .

Protoclepsydrops is slightly older , but its status as a synapsid is unclear as the remains are more fragmentary .

; autoEdTag This string is added to the edit summary box when you run the script .

; autoEdMinor This defines whether or not the `` minor '' checkbox is checked when you use the script .

Lavender is a light tone of violet .

Many factors are taken into account when assessing the conservation status of a species : not simply the number remaining , but the overall increase or decrease in the population over time , breeding success rates , known threats , and so on .

Rochelle is a city of Illinois in the United States .

After that , the name Connie was later retired .

These kinds of bunkers give people fighting better protection than an open trench . They also give top protection against air attack -LRB- grenades , mortar fire and shells -RRB- .

It is estimated that 64,600 Syrians immigrated to the United States between 1961 and 2000 .

' -LRB- Chinese : å -- ä ; Romanizations : NÃ njÄ `` ng -LRB- Pinyin -RRB- , Nan-ching -LRB- Wade-Giles -RRB- , Nanking is the capital of China 's Jiangsu Province , and a city with a prominent place in Chinese history and culture .

The population of Goodsprings was 232 at the 2000 census .

Kyle is one of the four main characters . The other three main characters are Stan Marsh , Kenny McCormick , and Eric Cartman .

To prove the point to skeptics , he sexed the flies carefully , and reared them from pupae .

Noxious animals usually have thick , leathery cuticles through which , at certain points , they extrude noxious fluids when pecked ; they will often survive a ` trial ' .

1821-41 : Childhood and schooling , near Erfurt .

It is also known as ' .

Marlboro are generally credited as being among the most important of sponsors to the world of Formula 1 -LRB- and motor racing in general -RRB- in terms of the amount of financial backing given to various competitors .

Markus Schopp -LRB- born 22 February 1974 in Graz , Austria -RRB- is a retired Austrian football midfielder .

This site is the former RAF Hethel base . The test track uses parts of the old runway .

Chris Kirkland -LRB- born 2 May 1981 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for Wigan Athletic .

Hynobius amjiensis is a kind of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals .

For some musical styles , such as jazz and ragtime , syncopation is an essential part of their character .

However , Theodore Long still had problems with Booker T and his defense of the United States title . Booker T attempted to get out of title defenses on a number of occasions by pretending to be injured , and having other wrestlers fight on his behalf .

CraveOnline is an entertainment website based in Los Angeles with sales offices in New York , Chicago , and San Francisco .

The first was in Cloudcroft , New Mexico , where the presence of Pan made the birds on Grover 's coffee cup and a rubber rat come to life , also bringing a giant wild boar to help Percy , Thalia , him , Bianca and Zoe escape the skeletal army .

At the end of the book Grover gets his searchers license to go look for Pan , the god of the Wild .

Please do not attack other contributors , as you did with -LRB- this edit -RRB- to : .

He would stay with the English Montreal team until they folded following the 1938 season .

His most famous songs include `` Werewolves of London '' , `` Lawyers , Guns and Money '' , `` Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner '' and `` Johnny Strikes Up The Band . '' All of these are from his third and most famous album : Excitable Boy -LRB- 1978 -RRB- .

Floodlights were installed in 1953 , and in 1957 , prompted by the hosting of two FA Cup semi-finals in successive years , the side facing the Main Stand -LRB- which until that time was generally known as the Popular Side -RRB- was redeveloped and named The Kippax Stand after a nearby street .

Le Reculey is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

HagÃ tÃ a is the capital city of Guam .

The movie was released on December 12 , 2006 , rated G by the MPAA , and had an official soundtrack album released on November 21 , 2006 .

It is notable for its design and interiors by Charles Barry and his son , Edward Middleton Barry , and for its sculptures by John Thomas .

Many politicians make it a point on this day to appear at a public event to praise the nation 's heritage , laws , history , society , and people .

It was set in Kenya 's Shaba National Reserve on the African continent .

In the fifth episode , after 12 days , three members from each team were sent to the other team , in what became known as the first twist in the Survivor series .

Pac-Man is an arcade video game that was made by Namco .

There are classical ballet , opera and music events . Many famous Russian dancers , singers , musicians and actors , take part , as well as famous international guest stars .

The White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg , Russia is an international cultural festival which is held every year .

It has a coast on the Adriatic Sea in the west , and a coast on the Ionian Sea in the southwest .

The lighting conditions in 's part of the orbit were different during these two sightings , however , with the discovery being made when the area was strongly backlit by the sun .

Wells Cathedral dates mainly from the late twelfth and early thirteenth centuries ; the nave and transept are masterpieces of Early English architecture .

The back straight of the main circuit becomes the pit straight . It joins onto turn 8 of the main circuit to form a hairpin turn .

After defeating the great King , Xiang Yu , Emperor Gaozu of Han unified China and became the first emperor of Han Dynasty . Emperor Weidi of Han , Gaozu 's son , was the 2nd emperor of Han Dynasty .

They become pathological or piles when swollen or inflamed .

After World War the Kingdom of WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg became the Free Peoples ' State of WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg . After World War II the part of the Free Peoples ' State of WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg and the old Principality of Hohenzollern were joined to make WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Hohenzollern .

Hannity & Colmes was a television talk show on the Fox News Channel hosted by the conservative Sean Hannity and the progressive Alan Colmes . It ran from on October 6 , 1996 to January 9 , 2009 .

The director and deputy director are responsible for administration , planning , budgeting and day-to-day operations of the foundation , while the NSB meets six times a year to establish its overall policies .

Eaton Wash is a tributary to the Rio Hondo .

These Canons introduced the Five Points of Calvinism .

It ate small mammals and carrion .

Modern population-based health management is complex , requiring a multiple set of skills -LRB- medical , political , technological , mathematical etc. -RRB- of which epidemiological practice and analysis is a core component , that is unified with management science to provide efficient and effective health care and health guidance to a population .

Arriva Trains Wales is a train operating company , owned by Arriva , that operates passenger services in Wales and the Welsh Marches .

Although instant messaging has many good things , it also has risks and liabilities , especially when used in workplaces .

East Kilbride is a large suburban town in the South Lanarkshire council area of Scotland .

Sacramento is near where the American River meets the Sacramento River .

Valid values are Ia , Ib , II , III , IV , V and VI .

He became the head of the Ancient Church of the East in October 1968 and moved to Baghdad .

It is a migratory insectivorous species .

They clean out the exhibits and report health problems .

This trait was subsequently lost in the sauropsid line , but developed further in the synapsids .

Originally , the opening in the skull left the inner cranium only covered by the jaw muscles , but in higher therapsids and mammals the sphenoid bone has expanded to close the opening .

Later , he helped facilitate negotiations between the CAHA and the International Ice Hockey Federation -LRB- IIHF -RRB- .

Aarburg is a municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

The remaining three teams would complete the season .

Montreal 's Dave Ritchie scored the first goal in NHL history and Harry Hyland had four goals in the Wanderers 10 â `` 9 victory , which would be their only one in the NHL .

Saint - Ã tienne-de-Serre is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .

Tybalt is the main antagonist in the play Romeo and Juliet .

The Bayreuth Festspielhaus -LRB- Bayreuth Festival Theatre -RRB- is an opera house in the town of Bayreuth , Germany . The German opera composer Richard Wagner got the opera house built so that his own music could be performed properly .

Oklahoma later became the de facto name for Oklahoma Territory . It was officially accepted in 1890 , two years after the area was opened to white settlers .

Remember to start from 2 , since the `` name '' is number 1 .

Here are the codes to emulate , and respectively .

Here are some ideas for usage :

Colin Greenwood played bass guitar . Radiohead 's lead guitarist was Jonny Greenwood , Colin 's younger brother .

Gravitational energy is the energy held by an object because of its high position compared to a lower position .

Toro Rosso claim that this design was first produced during by Jaguar Racing , Red Bull 's predecessor . They believed that the design rights had belonged to the Ford Motor Company , Jaguar Racing 's parent company before passing to Toro Rosso .

On 16 July , Toro Rosso announced that Bourdais ' contract was terminated .

The 2008 UEFA Cup Final was the 37th final of the UEFA Cup . It is UEFA 's second tier club football tournament .

It features a green field with a vertical red stripe near the hoist side , containing five carpet guls -LRB- designs used in producing rugs -RRB- stacked above two crossed olive branches similar to those on the flag of the United Nations ; a white waxing crescent moon , typical of Turkic symbology , and five white five-pointed stars appear in the upper corner of the field just to the fly side of the red stripe .

A racing version was also available for a short time . The FBE had with individual throttle butterflies for each cylinder .

The FBB and FBD engines were developed but never released .

Based in San Diego , California , Lindows , Inc. was founded in August 2001 by Michael Robertson with the goal of developing a Linux-based operating system capable of running major Microsoft Windows applications .

In some Romanesque or Gothic monasteries , the entrance to the chapter house is a miniature version of the entrance to a cathedral .

It reached its peak intensity on August 1 , with winds of 135 mph -LRB- 215 km\/h -RRB- and a central pressure of 946 millibars , making it the strongest hurricane of the season .

It ended on November 30 , 1996 .

The languages of the Caucasus are languages spoken by more than ten million people in the Caucasus region of Eastern Europe and Western Asia , between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea .

The racing team was formed by Indian businessman Vijay Mallya . Mallya bought the Spyker F1 racing team in October 2007 , and changed the name to Force India .

Organic compounds are carbon-based compounds .

Raphael also died , in his early 30s , in 1520 , before any important changes could be made to the building . The next architect was Peruzzi who like some of the ideas that Raphael had , but did not like the Latin Cross plan .

Monday 3 September 2007 saw the fifth CBBC relaunch .

Her son , Oliver Hudson , is a television and film actor . Her daughter is Kate Hudson , who is an actress , has been nominated for an Oscar .

Set to only the image name , e.g. , not or .

The album was released in 2001 .

Seiichi Sakiya -LRB- born 1 December 1950 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

As well as its coffee , tea , hot chocolate , and doughnuts , the Tim Hortons menu now includes a number of other baked goods , such as Timbits -LRB- small balls of doughnut dough -RRB- , muffins , croissants , tea biscuits , cookies , rolls , danishes , and bagels -LRB- which Tim Hortons now sells one out of every two bagels in the whole Canadian food industry -RRB- .

Sir Peter Maxwell Davies , CBE -LRB- b. Salford , Lancashire , 8 September 1934 -RRB- , is an English composer and conductor .

George Canning 's friendship with Sheridan would last for the remainder of Sheridan 's life .

Sagan married three times ; the biologist Lynn Margulis -LRB- mother of Dorion Sagan -RRB- in 1957 , artist Linda Salzman in 1968 , and author Ann Druyan in 1981 , to whom he was married until his death .

Sean Maher remembers reading for the part and liking the character of Simon Tam . He said it was Whedon 's personality and vision that `` sealed the deal '' for him .

He learned to play the piano and the violin . He started to play in orchestras , but as a percussionist .

Student Cabinet is in charge projects like dances and fundraisers .

Conlie is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .

In 1982 Misfits released their first full length album Walk Among Us .

The Kelvin scale is defined by a specific relationship between the pressure of a gas and the temperature . This says that `` the pressure of the gas is directly proportional to the temperature in Kelvin '' .

At the end of 2004 , it had 85,829 inhabitants .

`` He Was n't '' is the fourth single from Avril Lavigne 's second album Under My Skin .

A massive worldwide phenomenon now in progress involves millions of individuals , organizations and corporations around the world who are realizing a responsibility and ability to contribute positively to the collective future of humanity and Earth .

The Gallente happened to be located in the same place the Caldari were , and were the first race to create a democracy .

The game has a new alert scheme with police , SWAT , military awareness , and Nexo alert .

The game is made by THQ 's Sandblast Games studio for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .

Cannon Street station is a central London railway terminus and London Underground station complex in the City of London , the financial district of London .

He plays as a prop.

The remaining eastern portion of the territory -LRB- the portions in present-day southern Idaho and western Wyoming -RRB- was added to the Washington Territory .

The blood is pumped by three separate hearts . Two of these are used for pumping blood to the cuttlefish 's pair of gills -LRB- one heart for each gill -RRB- , and the third for pumping blood around the rest of the body .

Australia has often made special 50-cent coins .

One hundred and fourteen Tom and Jerry cartoons were produced by the MGM cartoon studio in Hollywood from 1940 until 1957 .

There are many philosophical issues with the existence of God .

The Marsupial Lion , Thylacoleo carnifex , is an extinct species of carnivorous marsupial that lived in Australia from the early to the late Pleistocene , from 1,600,000 to 40,000 years ago . The scientific name comes from the words thylakos - pouch , leo - lion , and carnifex - murderer , tormentor , or butcher .

Ararat is an ideal base for looking at the areas many natural attractions such as the Grampians National Park , Mt Langi Ghiran , Mt Cole , Mt Buangor State Park , Ararat Hills Regional Park and the Pyrenees Ranges . Ararat is also close to many wineries , which are part of the Grampians Wine Region .

It has aluminium and arsenide ions in it .

Ebner 's metaphors have been described as `` going beyond reality without losing ground '' .

The plants in Schedule VI are prohibited from harvesting and planting .

In 1993 , he qualified for the Candidates via the Interzonal , and was knocked out in the quarter-final by England 's Nigel Short .

In 1988 he tied for first in the World Junior Championship , the title going to Joel Lautier .

Richard III is a history play written by William Shakespeare .

The recording engineer who made the record told Epstein about George Martin , who worked for EMI 's Parlophone Records and had been looking for a rock band to record .

A distinctive trait of Valencian pilota is that the spectators are often seated or standing very close to the court which means that they may be impacted by the ball and thus become an -LRB- unwilling -RRB- part of the game .

I am very sorry to say That ninety lives have been taken away On the last Sabbath day of 1879 , Which will be remember 'd for a very long time .

There is a McGonagall Appreciation Society in McGonagall 's home town of Dundee .

The MÃ nsteds also bred Scottish hunting dogs and kept race horses in the barn .

The circuit can be used in three configurations . The full circuit , the `` Suzuka East '' and `` Suzuka West '' configuration .

Any other relationship does not enjoy legal protection ; the woman is necessarily a mistress .

The first day of the first year of a nengÅ started whenever the emperor decided . This first year continued until the next lunar new year , which is understood to be the start of the nengÅ 's second year .

The plumbing system is made up of a system of fractures , fissures , spaces and sometimes cavities -LRB- holes -RRB- .

Arunachal Pradesh is a state in the Republic of India .

V. He that is found Guilty of Gaming , or Defrauding one another to the value of a Royal of Plate , shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit .

Osei Bonsu -LRB- died January 21 , 1824 -RRB- was the Asantehene -LRB- King of the Ashanti -RRB- .

Bull Hill , sometimes called Mount Taurus , is a mountain in the U.S. state of New York . It is north of the village of Cold Spring on the Hudson River , in Putnam County .

Offrethun is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

There were six editions of his An Essay on the Principle of Population , published from 1798 to 1826 . He said that sooner or later population gets checked , by famine , disease , and widespread mortality .

Roman Weidenfeller -LRB- born 6 August 1980 -RRB- is a German football player . He plays for Borussia Dortmund .

Her role as Lorelei Lee , a showgirl , required her to act , sing , and dance .

He later hosted a birthday party for her , but the evening ended with a public quarrel , and Monroe left the party without him .

Some Like it Hot became a major success , and was nominated for five Academy Awards .

The name Mortenson is listed as her last name on the birth certificate , but her mother immediately had it changed to Baker .

The film was directed by Billy Wilder and co-stared Jack Lemmon and Tony Curtis .

Monroe 's health declined during this period , and she began to see a Los Angeles psychiatrist , Dr. Ralph Greenson .

After she was fired , Monroe was part of several high-profile publicity events .

Her father was Thutmose I ; her predecessor was Thutmose II -LRB- her brother and husband -RRB- ; her successor was Thutmose III , the son of Thutmose II by a lesser wife .

She was the third woman to be principal for the famous school . Anne Marie Milan Desguillons had ben the first in 1793-1800 , but she was principal together with her husband .

There is usually little or no swelling involved and it is rare for any nearby lymph nodes to be affected .

Sibiu County has an area of 5,432 square kilometers .

This is the largest precinct of the temple complex , dedicated to Amun-Re -LRB- a form of Amun -RRB- , the chief deity .

It is also known by the Oklahoma Department of Tourism designation , Frontier Country .

This subtemplate of is used to do the actual multiplication and addition needed to create a decimal number from a hexadecimal string .

The finished album , Watershed , was released on June 3 , 2008 , and has seven tracks with cover songs included as bonus tracks on some versions .

`` The decision has been the toughest I 've ever made but it is the right one to make at this point in my life , '' Lindgren said .

Fourniret has been charged with the abduction of minors and sexual misconduct , and has been in detention since June 2003 for the attempted kidnapping of a 14-year-old girl in 2000 .

He was President from 1949 , and he died in 1952 .

There are three subfamilies : Rubioideae , Cinchonoideae and Ixoroideae .

The word quokka is comes from a Nyungar word , which was probably gwaga .

Fundu Moldovei is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .

Profiling experts believe that Chandler may have killed previously , based on the speculation that a first-time killer would not be experienced or bold enough to abduct and kill three woman at once .

But in Roman Catholic and Orthodox usage , the term `` Virgin Birth '' means not only that Mary was a virgin when she conceived , but also that she gave birth as a virgin -LRB- remaining a virgo intacta -RRB- .

The Ilulissat Icefjord was made a United Nations World Heritage Site in 2004 .

The Cayman Islands are a territory of the United Kingdom in the Caribbean Sea . The three islands are Grand Cayman , Little Cayman , and Cayman Brac .

The graph of the n-hypercube 's edges is isomorphic to the Hasse diagram of the -LRB- n-1 -RRB- - simplex 's face lattice .

The clouds can form alone , in clusters , or along a cold front in a squall line .

Most of the workers involved in the riot returned the following day but refused to work .

In 1988 , he started the music festival Wien Modern -LRB- Vienna Modern -RRB- .

Highway BR-101 is the main highway that passes by the city . Highways SC-100 , SC-486 , SC-470 , and BR-470 , connects ItajaÃ to the rest of the state .

Before the adoption of the symbol , the most commonly used symbols for the rupee were Rs , Re or if the text was in an Indian language , then an appropriate abbreviation in that language .

But local households are restricted in their ability to do global diversification .

In Somalia the Italian colonial authority minted ` rupia ' to the exact same standard , and called the pice ` besa ' .

Metis was found in 1979 by Stephen P. Synnott in images taken by the Voyager 1 probe .

The rules of nim are simple :

The Illuminatus !

The resulting refugee crisis led to the intervention by India , eventually leading to the surrender of the Pakistani Army .

Red Bull is an energy drink .

American Samoa is a territory of the United States in Samoan Islands , in the South Pacific Ocean .

FranÃ ois Bourdoncle -LRB- born April 20 , 1964 -RRB- is founder and CEO of the search engine company Exalead .

L' Ã toile du Nord is a French phrase meaning `` The Star of the North '' .

The Allies began to work together in Siberia in August 1918 .

When IE better supports PNGs , we can swap the better format back in .

Dundee Football Club , founded in 1893 , are a football team based in the city of Dundee , Scotland .

He was one of Disney 's Nine Old Men , and the last one living .

Castling can be done on either side of the board .

Game animals are also hunted for sport .

A number can be symbolic of a player 's legacy , and has resulted in all kinds of superstition -LRB- or rumors -RRB- .

Babozai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .

Aying is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Bavaria , Germany .

Begins at Frankston station on the Frankston line .

In an extension of his ionic theory Arrhenius proposed definitions for acids and bases , in 1884 .

Ferydoon Zandi -LRB- born 26 April 1979 -RRB- is an Iranian football player .

These proved unreliable , and were later removed , but the `` Hoover '' nickname stuck .

Alpirsbach is a town in the district of Freudenstadt , Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany .

However , the Council has always said that secrecy is necessary to reach consensus and to preserve the collegiality and political independence of the individual Councillors .

The charity was started to provide funding for the education and shelter of Thai children .

The team played in Brooklyn , New York when it was started in 1883 , where it was known as the Brooklyn Dodgers , before moving to Los Angeles before the 1958 season .

In the beginning she only published in Austrian literary magazines , for example in Zenit and Wienzeile .

Pittsfield is a city of Illinois in the United States .

In 1865 KekulÃ published a paper in French suggesting that the structure contained a six-membered ring of carbon atoms with alternating single and double bonds .

An allergy to wheat can cause coeliac disease , which makes the sufferer have diarrhoea if they eat any food containing wheat .

People have thought up several dirty paper codes , including Costa precoding -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , Tomlinson-Harashima precoding -LRB- 1971 -RRB- and the vector perturbation technique of Hochwald et al . -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .

The current population comes from this herd , and can be found in zoos around the world .

PÃ re David 's Deer -LRB- Elaphurus davidianus , -RRB- Milu in Chinese -LRB- é é -RRB- , is a species of deer known only in zoos .

Most frequently , the term refers to abstention from sexual intercourse , alcohol or food .

A number of actions on the English wikipedia are restricted to user accounts which pass certain thresholds for age and editcount : users which meet these requirements are considered part of the pseudo-group autoconfirmed .

He has also had success with his albums with Top 20 hits on the National charts for Gossip , Under The Sun and So Much Water So Close To Home from the 1980s ; Comedy , Wanted Man , Songs from the South : Paul Kelly 's Greatest Hits and Words and Music from the 1990s ; and Nothing But A Dream , Ways & Means and Stolen Apples from the 2000s . The compilation album Songs from the South got to Number 2 in 1997 .

Hurricane Anita stayed as a category 5 hurricane as it made landfall in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas on September 2 .

Compassion -LRB- or care -RRB- for all life , human and nonhuman , is central to Hinduism , Buddhism , which was founded by Siddhattha Gotama -LRB- or Buddha -RRB- , and also Jainism , founded by Mahavira .

Currently , the mayor of Oslo is Fabian Stang from the Conservative Party .

Grameen says that more than half of its borrowers in Bangladesh -LRB- close to 50 million -RRB- now : have all children of school age in school , all household members eating three meals a day , a clean toilet , a rainproof house , clean drinking water and can pay 300 taka-a-week -LRB- around 4 USD -RRB- towards their loans .

Blooming Time : April - May .

A nurseryman named Williams later acquired the variety , and introducing it to the rest of England , which is why the pear became known as the Williams Pear .

Most computer models consistently predicted Debby to move to the northwest throughout its lifetime , though intensity was more of a problem for forecasters .

In spite of a decrease in convection shortly after forming , the large depression remained well organized , with a 575 mile wide wind field .

At the Reward Challenge , Ulong won , giving them a sewing kit .

They thought she was weak . However , she quickly got the respect of her teammates by winning the Reward Challenge for Ulong .

At Ulong , Bobby Jon became angry and blamed himself about the loss , which scared Stephenie .

Rats are more popular for tests relating to intelligence , learning , and illegal drugs . This is mostly because rats have a high intelligence , ingenuity , aggressiveness , and adaptability .

Their first known occurrence in the fossil record is in the Rhynie chert of the Devonian period , ~ 400 million years ago .

This is not true , but they do have a re-writable smart card microchip inside them . Contactless smart cards can be used for identification , authentication , and saving up data .

The return of Saturday Night 's Main Event to NBC has also lead to more interaction between the brands .

Certain technologies such as RAID 6 try to address this issue , but they suffer from a very high write penalty , in other words writing data becomes very slow .

Some motherboards have RAID functions for the disks attached ; most often , these RAID functions are done as hardware-assisted RAID .

Paton is a city of Iowa in the United States .

The name Dort is the English name for the Dutch town of Dordrecht and is still used as the pronunciation of the name today . This synod , or meeting , is usually called the Synod of Dordt or the Synod of Dordrecht .

Most metaphors are concepts : see conceptual metaphor .

`` Spy Hard '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .

Edith Frank was very religious , though her husband was more interested in studying . He had a large library , and both parents encouraged the children to read .

EscÅ `` uilles is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

However , the meaning of `` littoral zone '' can extend well beyond the intertidal zone .

`` These increases did not occur . ''

Once both ISA and microarchitecture has been specified , the actual computing system needs to be designed into hardware .

Monceau-le-Neuf-et-Faucouzy is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .

Marles-sur-Canche is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Claude Dambury -LRB- born 30 July 1971 -RRB- is a former French football player .

VÃ zina was diagnosed with tuberculosis , and died on March 27 , 1926

Available by yearly subscription , the magazine is read in over 140 countries by people involved in the railway industry .

Elderly chondrosteans show beginnings of ossification of the skeleton which suggests that this process is delayed rather than lost in these fish .

On May 11 , 2007 the NAâ s chief executive , who also happens to be the Minister for Kashmir Affairs and Northern Areas Affairs , declared that the region had a right to be represented in the National Assembly .

He began playing bass when he was thirteen years old , as of September 2007 , uses a Sandberg bass .

Tom Kaulitz was born on September 1 1989 , in Leipzig ten minutes before his identical twin brother , Bill .

The similar social structure is attributed to convergent evolution .

The Gothic language is an extinct Germanic language .

Both the spores and the resulting gametophyte are haploid , meaning they only have one set of chromosomes .

There is also a winery , the Bell River Wine Estate . The Nangara Gallery has a collection of Aboriginal objects .

However , it was criticised for having a loose plot -LRB- story -RRB- and weak characters .

Heibronn is a city , located in the south-north of Germany in the state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg . With about 120,000 inhabitants , Heilbronn is the sixth largest town in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg .

In his youth , he identified himself as a Catholic and professed respect for Church hierarchy and authority .

Namal Lake is located in one corner of the Namal valley in Mianwali , Punjab , Pakistan .

The poor conditions of the school permanently affected Charlotte 's health according to her . She thought it led to the early deaths of her two elder sisters , Maria -LRB- born 1814 -RRB- and Elizabeth -LRB- born 1815 -RRB- .

For this reason , they should not be interpreted standing alone , but only together . Editors should familiarize themselves with all three .

Glamorgan was a medieval kingdom .

It was replaced with three new counties called Mid Glamorgan , South Glamorgan and West Glamorgan .

A baseball bat is a smooth wooden or metal rod used in the game of baseball to hit the ball after the ball is thrown by the pitcher .

It was later imploded and turned into a memorial .

Most apprentices were males , but female apprentices are more common nowadays , especially in crafts such as embroidery , silk-weaving etc. .

Kermit the Frog is a Muppet created by Jim Henson .

It was designed by Ron Rivest , Matt Robshaw , Ray Sidney , and Yiqun Lisa Yin , and was also submitted to the NESSIE and CRYPTREC projects .

In summary it would appear that in compromising his indebtedness with the Bank , Dr. Fitzgerald disposed of his only substantial asset , namely , his family home at Palmerston Road , a property which would now be worth a considerable sum of money .

It was published again in 1995 under a different title Walking Trees : Portraits of Teachers and Children in the Culture of Schools .

The width of the table will , by default , remain the same for wider or narrowed windows , retaining the alignment with the left-side text -LRB- or section titles -RRB- outside the table .

Nassogne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .

Emperor Kaika is the 9th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .

Afterwards , Paka encountered a hostile environment and had completely dissipated by the evening of December 21 .

There was an element naming controversy . The temporary IUPAC systematic element name was unniloctium .

He decorated the Bosnia and Herzegovina Pavilion and collaborated in the Austrian Pavilion .

He left Samson in 1981 .

Later , he composed music for the Laterna Magica theater in Prague and for many Czech singers .

If a matching id is found on the page you are currently browsing , Friendly changes the link name to what is defined in the name .

Defines if adding a talkback template should be marked as a minor edit .

Ajoux is a town and commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , in the southern part of France .

Tyndaleâ s Bible is credited with being the first English translation to come directly from Hebrew and Greek texts .

The complex was built in two distinct phases , one part in 1936 and the other in 1943 .

For the fifth time in a row , Terry won immunity .

Back at camp , the old La Mina tribe tried to get Bruce and Danielle to vote with them , the two outcasts of their alliance , to switch to the La Mina alliance .

It is about 7 kilometers south of Pol Sefid -LRB- Capital of township -RRB- and about 14 kilometers from Veresk Bridge .

The first two holders of the office now known as `` deputy First Minister '' , namely Seamus Mallon and Mark Durkan , were both referred to during their periods of office as `` Deputy First Minister '' , with a capital D. This version was also adopted in 1999 for the logo of the OFMDFM .

Janet Reno -LRB- June 21 , 1938 - -RRB- was the United States Attorney General from 1993 to 2001 , under President Bill Clinton .

Molecular evolution studies , which use DNA sequence analysis as data , has driven many recent revisions , and will continue to do so .

Lee introduced legislation giving the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau -LRB- CPIB -RRB- greater power to conduct arrests , search , call up witnesses , and investigate bank accounts and income-tax returns of suspected persons and their families .

Neville was born in Edgbaston , in Birmingham .

Fallin was raised in Tecumseh . Her mother and father both served terms as mayor of Tecumseh .

Glasgow has several football teams - the best-known are Rangers F.C. and Celtic F.C. . Partick Thistle , Clydebank , and Queens Park F.C. also play in the city .

Network equipments -LRB- such as routers and switches -RRB- often have serial ports for configuration .

MauriceMoritz 4 June 1547 11 July 1553 Second cousin of John Frederick , grandson of Albert .

younger son of Julius Henry and his third wife .

Brother of the following two dukes

In 1296 uncle and nephews partitioned Saxony into the Lauenburg line -LRB- Albert III , Eric I , and John II jointly -RRB- and the Wittenberg line , where Albert II continued as sole ruler until 1298 , then succeeded by his son Rudolph I -LRB- see section Dukes of Saxe-Wittenberg below in this arcticle -RRB- .

Ittre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .

Although the anthem refers to Prometheus and God , the school is secular .

They stayed at Penarth , where he painted at least six pictures of the sea and the cliffs .

It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .

The rivalry between Abbott and Gillard often attracted attention from the media .

As of 2007 , five locations remained in the running for hosting the Indian Grand Prix : Bangalore , the Gurgaon district district in the state Haryana , a permanent track somewhere near New Delhi , a street circuit in New Delhi , as proposed by Vijay Mallya . , and a site in Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh .

A leisurely stroll around the town will reveal many fine buildings .

The Dick Institute , opened in April 1901 , was severely damaged by fire only eight years after it opened .

He was a college professor and wrote a book about bumblebees .

The 1801 design , having remained unchanged despite the partition of Ireland in 1921 and creation of the Irish Free State , continues to be used as the flag of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .

There is no limit to the number of conversion-subtemplates that can be created .

Darkly Dreaming Dexter is a 2004 book written by Jeff Lindsay .

The city of Sahiwal is the capital .

It was released in Japan and several other Asian nations on March 13 , 2009 , while it will not be released in the United States until April 10 , 2009 in the United States .

At the 64th Golden Globe Awards , Fey wore a blue puzzle piece to raise awareness for the organization .

While in Chicago , Fey also made what she later called an `` amateurish '' try at stand-up comedy .

It causes disease in humans and plants and can live in symbiosis with plants and fungi . It is found in soil , water , the rhizosphere , and in many animals .

She was the Socialist Party 's candidate for the 2007 French presidential election but lost to Nicolas Sarkozy .

The town was first called Placeritos de Nacozari but changed its name to Nacozari de GarcÃ a. The town was named after the railroad engineer JesÃ s GarcÃ a , who saved the town from a dynamite explosion on 7 November 1907 .

Some groups count membership based on adult believers and baptized children of believers , while others only count adult baptized believers .

The name means `` central Taiwan '' .

Great North Eastern Railway -LRB- GNER -RRB- was a British train operating company , owned by Sea Containers Ltd. .

The same surface is used at the Yas Marina Circuit for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix .

The point of closest approach is called the periapsis or pericentre and the point of farthest excursion is called the apoapsis -LRB- Greek Î Ï Ï , from , which becomes Î Ï before a vowel , and Î Ï before rough breathing -RRB- , apocentre or apapsis -LRB- the latter term , although etymologically more correct , is much less used -RRB- .

Some modern flasks are made of plastic .

After graduating high school , she was a San Diego Chargers cheerleader in 1991 before beginning her Hollywood career .

When news of the horrors of the Second Fleet reached England , both the public and government were shocked .

Comet 81P\/Wild , also known as Wild 2 , is a comet named after Swiss astronomer Paul Wild -LRB- pronounced Vilt -RRB- , who discovered it in 1978 .

Chris Cornell released his debut album in September 1999 , titled Euphoria Morning .

A popular and critical success , it introduced many Americans to serious science fiction and abstract ideas through television and Twilight Zone books and comics .

There are three lines which join up in Manchester city center . They serve the surrounding towns of Bury , Altrincham and Eccles .

Chatmon moved to Hollandale , Mississippi in the early 1940s and worked on plantations in Hollandale .

Rachael played the older version of Lucy Pevensie in The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe .

Many collectors buy preprinted -LRB- already printed -RRB- albums and pages , which are made and sold .

Hilton has also worked with Ford Models in New York , Models 1 Agency in London , Nous Model Management in Los Angeles , and Premier Model Management in London .

Hilton then made a designer diary , also mostly made by Merle Ginsberg , called Your Heiress Diary : Confess It All to Me .

Ramsey was elected from Pennsylvania as a Whig to the U.S. House of Representatives and served in the 28th and 29th congresses from March 4 , 1843 to March 3 , 1847 .

At the war 's end , Poland 's borders were moved west , pushing the east border to the Curzon line .

Two polish poets won Nobel prize as well . One is WisÅ awa Szymborska -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and the second CzesÅ aw MiÅ osz -LRB- 1980 -RRB- .

, previously known as Penny 's Bay Rail Link , provides service to the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort which was opened on 12 September 2005 .

In fact , the primary motivation was to separate the stations from the tunnels , hence allowing substantial energy savings on station air-conditioning and tunnel ventilation .

The magnetic fare card system is used for single journey tickets .

In addition , the government-owned Hong Kong Mass Transit Railway Corporation -LRB- MTRC -RRB- was established to replace the Mass Transport Provisional Authority .

Most micro-organisms are single-celled , or unicellular organisms , but there are unicellular protists that are visible to the human eye , and some multicellular species are microscopic .

Birrwil is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

I 've hardly ever done it since either . ''

Toilets that cost money are called `` pay toilets '' .

Spin-nuclear-spin coupling -LRB- see hyperfine structure -RRB- .

When such a virus infects a cell , it releases its RNA molecule . A protein complex called dicer sticks to it and chops the RNA into pieces .

The term roughly corresponds to the older basic rock class .

After Capablanca 's death , Alekhine expressed surprise at his own victory , since in 1927 he had not thought he was superior to Capablanca , and he suggested that Capablanca had been over-confident .

Though originally Melanesian , the populations of many island clans , especially in the Banda Islands , died in the 17th century .

In 1536 the canton of Vaud was taken by the Bernese who kept it until 1798 when the canton was freed by the French revolutionary troops . In 1803 , Vich joined the Swiss Confederation .

The surface of Thebe is dark and appears to be reddish in color .

After 1983 the event became the Long Beach Grand Prix of the CART series .

He served as a delegate to the Continental Congress where he signed the Declaration of Independence , as Governor of Connecticut , and later as the first President of the United States in Congress Assembled , that is , the presiding officer of the Congress of the Confederation , the sole governing body of the first central government of the United States of America .

There has been a church on this site for over 1300 years since Etheldreda , Queen of Northumbria , made a grant of lands c. 674 .

Below , in the brine , the number of cells is much lower than in the halocline . Extremophiles are most common , including some of the deep-sea hydrothermal vent archaea and bacteria .

Some of his teachers at Brown University were Frank Rothman , Ken Miller , Susan Gerbi and Nelson Fausto .

The conflict was political , rather than doctrinal , in nature .

Topologically , the MÃ bius strip can be defined as the square -LRB- 0,1 -RRB- Ã -- -LRB- 0,1 -RRB- with its top and bottom sides identified by the relation for as in the diagram on the right .

He was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal garden furniture .

The President of the United States is sworn in by the Chief Justice of the United States at his or her inauguration . The British monarch is usually made king or queen by the Archbishop of Canterbury at his or her coronation .

pres . - aiy - , - ataiy - -RRB- , Passive -LRB- - ya - -RRB- .

This 100 km highway of ice connects two ancient mountain kingdoms , Nagar -LRB- immediately south of Hunza -RRB- in the west with Baltistan in the east .

His first success was with Matthew Kaufman . In 1981 they were the first to grow embryonic mice stem cells in a laboratory .

The northern Andes are normally rainy and warm , with an average temperature of 18 C in Colombia .

Bergelmir and his wife alone among their kind were the only survivors of the enormous deluge of blood from Ymir 's wounds when he was killed by Odin and his brothers at the dawn of time .

Beauvechain is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .

Saint-Gengoulph is a commune .

They must be approved for an Active Membership , and this is based on their answers to a long list of questions .

In 1985 , Penny Harrington becomes Portlandâ s first woman Chief of Police , and the first to head a major U.S. police department .

The user is then supplied with a unique URL , which locates the file and enables anyone with whom the uploader shares it to download the file .

She was sold at auction in July 1792 . Renamed the Thomas and Nancy she carried coal on the Thames until 1806 .

Robert Bortuzzo -LRB- born 18 March 1989 -RRB- is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Wilkes-Barre\/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League .

No. 1 was returned to its manufacturer where a set of trailing wheels was added to reduce the rear overhang . The springs on No. 2 were adjusted and the crank pins shortened to reduce its oscillation .

Northern Ireland national football team is the national football team of Northern Ireland .

Some studies show that the World Bank has increased poverty and been bad for the environment , public health and cultural diversity .

Albion is a city of Iowa in the United States .

By the end of 1933 the first Nazi concentration camps had been built -LRB- at Dachau , Osthofen , Oranienburg , Sonnenburg , Lichtenburg and the marshland camps around Esterwegen -RRB- . All remaining prisoners in `` protective custody '' in state prisons were transferred to these concentration camps .

He described it as ` full of little cubes ' , after which the term quickly gained wide use .

The Kobuk River -LRB- also Kooak , Kowak , Kubuk , Kuvuk , or Putnam -RRB- is a river that is in the Arctic region of Alaska , in the United States .

The Narwhal -LRB- Monodon monoceros -RRB- is a rarely seen Arctic whale .

The province was named after Ulises Francisco Espaillat who was President of the Dominican Republic for a short period of time -LRB- April 1876 - October 1876 -RRB- .

\* # Fullwidth Latin letters .

\* -LRB- -LRB- ^ P p -RRB- P \* -RRB- .

Hickory Hill is a city of Kentucky in the United States .

Similar indentation has been used for many decades , as in computer programming , to visually separate sections of text .

Also , the coding of remote footnotes is likely to work on any other wiki website , as well .

He traveled the world and for a time teamed up with Fred on Yaqui River irregation project in Mexico .

Native Americans used to live in Ashe County .

Immediately above 39\/F is 50\/F , leading many who do not know about tetraphobia to think that some floors are missing .

In other buildings , the fourth floor is sometimes named `` F '' -LRB- Four -RRB- instead of `` 4 '' in elevators .

The mountains slope gradually away to the north and the south , but there is a steep slope to the west , where the Red Main forms the boundary of the mountains .

In 1921 Gimnasia would again reach fourth place , behind Racing Club , River Plate and Independiente , as a result of 23 victories , six ties and nine defeats .

Newspapers are generally published weekly or less frequently , which makes them useful only for general information such as contact numbers and locations .

Others simply find shelters too regimented , too much like jail . Newspaperman Mike Hendricks quotes a former resident of an unauthorized homeless encampment named Crow , who said that `` some guys would sooner do what they want and not be told what to do . ''

An argument over how the it would be governed led to its becoming the Province of North Carolina and the Province of South Carolina . Officially , these two provinces did not become separate colonies until 1729 .

Eupen -LRB- city -RRB- 28 .

Sir Roger Penrose , OM , FRS -LRB- born 8 August 1931 -RRB- is an English mathematical physicist and Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematical Institute , University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College .

Migros is a supermarket chain found in Switzerland and other countries .

The magnetic needle is free to rotate in the horizontal plane .

The biggest green area in ChojnÃ w is small forest Park Piastowski -LRB- Piast 's Park -RRB- , named after Piast dynasty as part of Communist anti-German propaganda .

The largest stone scree in Northern Europe , with huge boulders lying helter skelter on the floor of the valley , is here `` UrdbÃ uri '' , is the name of this famous sight -LRB- site -RRB- .

The Gilbert Islands have been the biggest part of the nation of Kiribati since 1979 , and the Ellice Islands became Tuvalu in 1978 .

Until the local government reforms of 2000 , Rajoya was separate Union Council .

A new logo has also been designed for the new version , and is incorporated in the boot screen .

Robertsdale is a city in Baldwin County , Alabama , United States .

His work in theorical particle physics was very important to the development of the standard model in the late 20th century . His work mainly affected the renormalization and the charm quark .

The word ceramic is derived from the Greek word Î Î Ï Î Î 1\/4 Î Î Ï Ï -LRB- keramikos -RRB- .

The John and Michael concerts both attracted crowds of over 20,000 people .

He said that as Irish head of state he would not go to the Treaty Negotiations of Octoberâ `` December 1921 because the British head of state , King George V would not be there either .

In 2006 , she had a lead role on HBO 's television series Big Love .

Most stations are named for the nearby road crossed by the line in question .

Lake Torrens National Park is a national park in South Australia , 345 km north of Adelaide .

Masonry is commonly used for the walls of buildings , retaining walls and monuments .

Azua is a Dominican province ; it is located in the southern part of the country , along the Caribbean coast . Its capital city is Azua de Compostela .

`` Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of The Sarah Jane Adventures , which is a British science fiction television series about a woman called Sarah Jane Smith -LRB- Elisabeth Sladen -RRB- .

The wood is split to dimensions of a finger and stacked densely , and finally covered tight with dirt and moss .

She was the oldest daughter of Henry VIII , and the only surviving child of Catherine of Aragon .

In addition the song also gave the Capitol label two consecutive Hot 100 # 1 's , as the week 's prior # 1 was fellow Capitol artist Coldplay 's `` Viva la Vida '' , making it the first time since 1976 Capitol has had two back to back chart toppers on the Hot 100 .

On August 11 , eight weeks after debuting on the chart , `` I Kissed A Girl '' finally made it to number one .

The contestant worked their way across the bottom row , in which there were four cards , and then made it to the second row and were given $ 200 more .

Glyptodon originated in South America .

Professional wrestling -LRB- or pro wrestling -RRB- is a kind of sport .

The skewing of map coordinates , when placing markers\/labels on the map image , is performed by a linear interpolation of the longitude relative to the height of the latitude -LRB- higher latitudes skew longitude more -RRB- .

In 1890 Manitoba stopped giving money to Catholic schools . This was the opposite of an earlier law called in the Manitoba Act of 1870 .

In December 1894 the Prime Minister Sir John Thompson died suddenly . Bowell was the most senior Cabinet minister and was appointed Prime Minister by the Governor General .

Indo-European tribes such as the Phrygians , Thracians , Macedonians and Dorian Greeks seem to have arrived at this time â `` possibly from the north .

Evidence at Ugarit shows that the destruction there occurred after the reign of Merenptah .

Lennon wrote a song about him , whose words went `` Maharishi , what have you done ?

Copper mines are nearby .

McHenry was a signer of the United States Constitution from Maryland and the namesake of Fort McHenry , the bombardment of which inspired the American national anthem Star-Spangled Banner .

Daegu is also famous for having Daegu Stadium where the World Cup tournament was held in 2002 .

The structure allows repeating information using parent\/child relationships : each parent can have many children but each child only has one parent .

Many settled in Montgomery -LRB- Sahiwal -RRB- and Sandal Bar during the British rule of Punjab due to construction of extensive canal network in these areas .

Oakland was a unlikely city to have a professional American football team .

He began working for Schuhbeck , and Sebastian Schubeck later adopted Alfons , and made him his heir .

Natalie Hershlag -LRB- born June 9 , 1981 -RRB- is an Israeli-American actress . She is usually known by her stage name Natalie Portman .

Alexander Frei -LRB- born 15 July 1979 -RRB- is a Swiss football player . He plays for Basel and Switzerland national team .

Death masks were taken not only of dead royalty and nobility -LRB- Henry VIII , Sforza -RRB- , but also of important peopleâ '' poets , philosophers , and dramaturges , such as Dante , Filippo Brunelleschi , Torquato Tasso , Blaise Pascal and Voltaire .

A special part of the rite was a sculpted mask , put on the face of the dead person .

The West Midlands is not entirely urban ; Coventry is separated from the Birmingham urban area , by stretch of green belt land roughly 15 miles across known as the `` Meriden Gap '' , which retains a strongly rural character .

Hopewell is a city of Virginia in the United States .

It moved over Puerto Rico , Dominican Republic , and Cuba , causing at least 3 casualties .

The band is part of the Cardiff music scene . Their biggest success was during the 1990s .

KurÃ w is a village in south-eastern Poland , near PuÅ awy and Lublin , on the KurÃ wka River .

Regen was born in the village of LajÅ e -LRB- now Slovenia -RRB- . His mother encouraged his interest in insect sounds .

Hanja-mal or hanja-eo is about words which can be written with hanja . Hanmun -LRB- í ë -RRB- is about the Chinese Classical writing , but hanja can sometimes be used to generally mean hanmun too .

Pharmaceutical firms and biotechnology companies have little incentive to develop vaccines for these diseases , because there is little revenue potential , the financial and other risks are great .

Walt Disney : One Man 's Dream is about the life and legacy of Walt Disney . It has photos , models , rare artifacts and a short biographical film narrated by Julie Andrews .

She was a very beautiful young woman , and was also of above-average intelligence .

All Good Things -LRB- Come to an End -RRB- is a pop song by Canadian singer and songwriter Nelly Furtado .

It is part of the Lias Group .

Amfreville , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Marco Tardelli -LRB- born 24 September 1954 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .

He was born in 1958 in England , and graduated from the University of London in 1979 .

He is older brother famous naturalist David Attenborough .

A solution of sodium chloride is electrolyzed and sodium hydroxide is made around the cathode , where water is reduced to hydrogen gas and hydroxide ion . The hydrogen is released and the hydroxide bonds with the sodium to make sodium hydroxide .

Kazuhisa Kono -LRB- born 30 December 1950 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

His only contribution for Soundgarden was the band 's cover of The Beatles song `` Come Together '' .

Everman was fired immediately after Soundgarden completed the tour in mid-1990 .

1967 â '' Craig Claiborne writes in The New York Times Magazine that Edward P. Montgomery wrote him a letter to say that eggs Benedict originated with Commodore E.C. Benedict .

In all these countries , Berneri was frequently placed under arrest , and then often expelled , because he was an anarchist .

The barrier was the second of two `` great walls '' created by the Romans in Britannia .

However , historian Yisrael Gutman is very specific , stating that `` it was never done on a mass scale . ''

An important human pathogen , S. pneumoniae was recognized as a major cause of pneumonia in the late 19th century and is the subject of many humoral immunity studies .

Its capital is Antwerp .

Tadzio wins easily . Aschenbach wants to congratulate him , but when the chance comes he can not speak .

In 2004 , Mis-Teeq toured the United States and released their debut single Scandalous from their American debut album Mis-Teeq , a compilation of the albums Lickin ' On Both Sides and Eye Candy .

Nickelodeon Universe is an indoor theme park in the center of the mall , formerly known as Knott 's Camp Snoopy , Camp Snoopy , and The Park at MOA .

and the film is called Super Mario Bros. .

Blackcurrant -LRB- Ribes nigrum -RRB- is a small , bitter-tasting fruit . It can be found in central and northern Europe and northern Asia .

Most modern peat bogs formed in high latitudes after the retreat of the glaciers at the end of the last ice age some 9,000 years ago .

Peat forms when plant material , usually in marshy areas , is inhibited from decaying fully by acidic and anaerobic conditions .

The government pursaded the potentially impacted citizens to take preparations for the storm , many of whom bought supplies at local hardware stores .

Takashi Kageyama -LRB- born 27 May 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

BlÃ rancourt is a commune .

Another place of interest is a Brazilian-style church which is now a mosque .

According to different organizations -LRB- the National Science Foundation , NASA , the University of California , San Diego , and other sources -RRB- , ships captained by three men saw Antarctica in 1820 . Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen -LRB- a captain in the Russian Imperial Navy -RRB- , Edward Bransfield -LRB- a captain in the Royal Navy -RRB- , and Nathaniel Palmer -LRB- an American seal hunter out of Stonington , Connecticut -RRB- .

It should be supplied with the kingdom -LRB- regnum -RRB- , appropriately wikilinked ; in the case of regnum-less viruses , the virus group may be supplied instead .

Due to Brockville 's central location in the town , and the SPL 's stringent stadium requirements , the dilapidated Brockville site , home of Falkirk for over 100 years , was no longer suitable for the club 's ambitions .

Super Mario Bros. is a video game made by Nintendo in 1985 .

It shares part of its border with the Republic of Armenia .

Editors range widely in both age and cultural background , and as such , there may also some offensive language at times .

She also appeared abroad , notably at the Royal Opera House in London in 1951 , as Arline in The Bohemian Girl , and later appeared at the Vienna State Opera , the Salzburg Festival , the Bolshoi in Moscow .

Lanterns that give dim light are generally used as decoration .

The Drake Passage is directly to the south of it .

The people who speak Konkani language are called as Konkani people or Konkanis .

Pohnpei is one of the four states in the Federated States of Micronesia -LRB- FSM -RRB- .

Some of its other big publications are the AOU Checklist of North American Birds and a series , Ornithological Monographs . The AOU Checklist of North American Birds is the standard reference for the field .

Viewers can now follow the action and drama of the game , and broadcasts of poker tournaments such as the World Series of Poker and the World Poker Tour have brought in huge audiences for cable and satellite TV distributors .

During the American Civil War , many additions were made , including draw poker , stud poker -LRB- the five-card variant -RRB- , and the straight .

On 30 June , the Immortal Seven secretly asked William , who was in the Netherlands with Mary , to come to England with an army .

They emit chemicals that resemble the pheromones of moths , and then swing the bolas at the moths .

The placement of the web allows different spiders to trap different insects in the same area . Flat , horizontal webs allow them to trap insects that fly up from vegetation underneath , for example .

Pollen caught in webs may also be eaten , and studies have shown that young spiders have a better chance of survival if they have the opportunity to eat pollen .

`` I Love Rocky Road '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .

2D computer graphics are usually split into two categories : vector graphics and raster graphics .

The major tributaries of the Kabul River are the Logar , Panjshir , Kunar and Alingar and Bara rivers .

For example , if 100 people rate a five-point Likert scale assessing their agreement with a statement on a scale on which 1 denotes strong agreement and 5 strong disagreement , the frequency distribution of their responses might look like :

Many elevator installations now feature emergency power systems which allow elevator use in blackout situations and prevent people from becoming trapped in elevators .

For all practical purposes , there are no cases of elevators simply free-falling and killing the passengers inside ; of the 20 to 30 elevator-related deaths each year , most of them are maintenance-related - for example , technicians leaning too far into the shaft or getting caught between moving parts , and most of the rest are attributed to easily avoidable accidents , such as people stepping blindly through doors that open into empty shafts or being strangled by scarves caught in the doors .

Bart chooses to go to war with Nelson using the neighborhood kids as his own army .

Oisy , Aisne is a commune .

A Real Basket Case is a fictional mystery novel that was written by Beth Groundwater .

The earliest organized fandom online was the SF Lovers community , originally a mailing list in the late 1970s with a text archive file that was updated regularly .

The single became a worldwide hit , reaching the top ten in numerous countries and peaking at number one in several countries including Taiwan , India , and Turkey .

We will bring to you some of the most renowned thinkers , writers , pundits , activists , entertainers and elected officials each broadcast as our guests .

But it has responsibilities in conservation , giving advice , registering and protecting the historic environment as well .

Each side of the body has red , orange , and white spots .

The slow response of federal aid to storm victims in southern Florida led Dade County emergency management director Kate Hale to famously exclaim at a nationally televised news conference , `` Where in the hell is the cavalry on this one ?

The Emirates Stadium is a football stadium in London , England .

Trade with Italy was done over the alpine pass at SplÃ 1\/4 gen.

This creates FM stereo sound .

He married Karen Kruse in 1953 .

Google 's Advanced Search web form gives several additional fields which may be used to qualify searches by such criteria as date of first retrieval .

The order of search results -LRB- ghits for Google hits -RRB- on Google 's search-results pages is based , in part , on a priority rank called a `` PageRank '' .

Google expects Google Instant to save users 2 to 5 seconds in every search , which they say will be collectively 11 million seconds per hour .

The details are kept secret due to spammers and in order to maintain an advantage over Google 's competitors .

Produced by Matt Walker , the CD included 9 songs from the film , as well as three tracks from the original film .

The first lieutenant governor was appointed in 1701 , but the British Virgin Islands were usually governed as part of other groups of islands in the Caribbean until 1960 when last legal links with the Leeward Islands were abolished .

Grooming in humans is usually done in the bathroom , for the hair . Things such as washing and cleaning the hair , combing it and taking out the tangles , and styling .

Cats groom so much that they often produce hairballs from the fur they accidentally swallow .

B. Jade - Unexist C. Black Sun Empire - The Cooler -LRB- Audio Remix -RRB- D. Black Sun Empire - UnFamiliar

With two laps to go , Berger got past Prost on aggregate but could not get ahead of Mansell .

Mansell was caught and passed by Piquet and pitted for tyres soon after .

However , Berger was unable to catch Mansell as he in turn had handling issues .

Senna and Mansell continued to pull away from the rest , none of them able to keep up .

Each section , except Infobox Ship Begin , can be repeated as necessary to support multiple careers , multiple sets of characteristics , etc. .

Although it is surrounded by Indo-European languages , Basque is perhaps a language isolate , that is , not related to the Indo-European languages .

Lasker became an expert bridge player , representing Germany at international events in the early 1930s , and a registered teacher of the Culbertson system .

When the album was released , Hendrix was disappointed that the album was finished so quickly and he thought it could have been done better .

In 1966 , Hendrix became friends with the girlfriend of Keith Richards , guitarist for The Rolling Stones , Linda Keith .

Chase This Light is an album by Alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World . It was released on October 23 2007 .

That night Stallone went home , and in three days he had written the script for Rocky .

Ha Jin was born in Liaoning , China .

10,000 women a year die from unsafe abortions in Nigeria .

Sometimes a special part of the mosque was railed off for women ; for example , the governor of Mecca in 870 had ropes tied between the columns to make a separate place for women .

Mosques are places of worship . For this reason , those inside the mosque should be respectful to those who are praying .

Islam requires that its believers wear clothes that show modesty .

It is best known as the home of the British Grand Prix , which it first hosted in 1948 and which has been held on the circuit every year since 1987 .

A mini-series based on A Wizard of Earthsea and The Tombs of Atuan was created on the Sci Fi Channel .

See also : Category : Articles containing potentially dated statements which contains potentially dated statements ordered by originating date .

Use to mark all individual statements that may become dated , this will automatically add them to the appropriate categories .

Lesmahagow -LRB- Gaelic : Lios MoChuda -RRB- is a small town on the edge of moorland , near Lanark in the central belt of Scotland , and is also known as Abbey Green .

Eucrites are achondritic stony meteorites that originate from the surface of the asteroid 4 Vesta , and as such are part of the HED meteorite group .

These effigies would be shown in the street , to collect money for fireworks , although this practice is becoming less common .

At Jerilderie in 1879 , Hart stole a watch from Reverend Gribble , a parson at the Protestant church . Ned told him to give it back , which Hart did , ` looking daggers ' -LRB- very angry -RRB- .

The legend say it 's connected to the Earth by the bridge Ama-no uki-hashi -LRB- the `` Floating Bridge of Heaven '' -RRB- .

These are called olives .

Several of its writers win Gold Circles from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association every year .

Mitchell was the singer and guitarist for the band Max Webster and now hosts a radio show .

The Soviet Occupation Zone -LRB- German : Sowjetische Besatzungszone -LRB- SBZ -RRB- or Ostzone , Sovetskaya zona Germanii , `` Soviet Zone of Germany '' -RRB- was the area of eastern Germany occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 on , at the end of World War II .

The bank was closely involved in the occupation of Europe , `` essentially acting as the bank of the SS in Poland '' .

Dresdner Bank appointed Matthias Warnig , a former Stasi agent and Vladimir Putin 's former KGB contact , to negotiate with Putin .

It is claimed that the tower has become a popular place for North Koreans .

According to comScore figures , it is the fourth largest British entertainment website with 2.1 million special users on its news site .

Use : where x is the decimal number to be converted to a hexadecimal .

Seon is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

The Palace was demolished in the seventeenth century .

Schapelle Leigh Corby -LRB- born 10 July 1977 -RRB- is an Australian woman convicted and imprisoned in Indonesia for drug smuggling .

She says that the drugs were put in her bag by someone else and that she did not know about them .

Applied mechanics examines the response of bodies -LRB- solids and fluids -RRB- to external forces .

Derek Jeter -LRB- born June 26 , 1974 in Pequannock Township , New Jersey -RRB- is an American Major League Baseball player . He is currently the captain and eleven-time All-Star shortstop for the New York Yankees .

On November 26 , 2006 , it became the best-selling album of the year in the UK .

PatchGuard was designed by Microsoft to ensure the integrity of the kernel , a part of a operating system which interacts with the hardware .

Lake Butler , Union County is a city of Florida in the United States .

The Hyundai i10 is a car produced by Hyundai since 2008 .

The valley is mostly built up or used for animal grazing .

is a live album released by Bryan Adams in 1988 .

Caesar was the go-between for Crassus and Pompey . They had been at odds for years , but Caesar tried to reconcile them .

Siegmund Nissel -LRB- January 3 , 1922 â `` May 21 , 2008 -RRB- was an Austrian-born British violinist who played second violin in the famous Amadeus Quartet .

It uses the GNOME desktop environment and is distributed as an installable Live CD .

Her second 2005 album was Baddi ` AyÅ -LRB- Arabic : Ø Ø Ù Ø Ù Ø I Want to Live -RRB- .

Both viral and bacterial causes of kennel cough are spread through the air by infected dogs sneezing and coughing .

These communities want to bring features of the Furby experience into human society .

During this era , now-extinct wild animals such as mammoths , European lions and Irish elk lived on the European continent .

Suffer is the third album by American punk rock band Bad Religion , released on the Californian independent record label Epitaph Records on September 8 , 1988 .

After five years , he went back to Bologna where he became ` master of studiesâ .

Governments placed responsibility on leaders to develop public health policies and programs in order to gain some understanding of the causes of disease , ensure social stability prosperity , and maintain order .

Albatross chicks learn to fly on their own . Their parents do not teach them , and instead they return to the nest even after their chick has left .

The World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- Divas Championship is a championship in WWE competed for by divas . It is one of two titles fought for on both brands of WWE -LRB- the other being the WWE Tag Team Championship -RRB- .

Alan Clark 's book The Donkeys -LRB- 1961 -RRB- popularized the controversial phrase ` lions led by donkeys ' , used to describe the British Army leadership .

Coubeyrac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .

Locomotives built by English Electric or its subcontractors .

Vologases IV of Parthia -LRB- 147 â `` 191 -RRB- made peace but was forced to cede western Mesopotamia to the Romans .

Then the thallium -LRB- I -RRB- sulfate is electrolyzed to make thallium metal .

Just ten days later , on 29 July , the `` Book 3 : Fire â `` Volume 4 '' DVD was released , which contained the four episodes as well as episodes 56 and 57 -LRB- episodes 16 & 17 of third season -RRB- , audio commentary from the series ' co-creators , cast , and crew , and a comic book .

Danny Elfman wrote the music to the movie and provided the singing voice of Jack , as well as other characters .

Sushi and sashimi feature both raw and cooked shellfish .

mergedtoprow td , .

Oneness Pentecostalism teaches that the Father -LRB- a spirit -RRB- is united with Jesus -LRB- a man -RRB- as the Son of God .

The station opened on 14 September 1972 more than a year after the rest of the line had become fully operational .

Loretta Spencer is the current mayor of the city of Huntsville , Alabama .

It was the theme of the film UHF .

Yoshi 's Island DS -LRB- called Yoshi 's Island DS in Japan -RRB- is a platform video game made by Artoon , and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS .

It is and is part of Jhando Mari Taluka and is located in the south of the district at .

Peter Murphy began a solo career while the other members continued as Tones on Tail and , later , Love and Rockets .

Hay is mostly used as animal feed .

A piano trio can also mean a piece of music written for a piano trio to play .

Most Cantons are divided into Bezirke -LRB- German for districts -RRB- .

The popular short anthem Lead me Lord is part of Praise the Lord , O my soul .

Mitsumasa Yoda -LRB- born 7 August 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

At sixteen he became the then youngest ever British grandmaster .

ThÃ lus is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

The Telluride Bluegrass Festival is an annual music festival held in Telluride , a town in the state of Colorado . The festival is put on by Planet Bluegrass .

Hamilton was disqualified from the race for providing `` misleading evidence '' during the stewards ' hearing .

Hamilton finished the race in third place after Jarno Trulli was penalized . Trulli had passed Hamilton while behind the safety-car .

The precursors of chess originated in northern India during the Gupta empire , where its early form in the 6th century was known as Chaturanga . This translates as ` the four divisions ' , meaning infantry , cavalry , elephantry , and chariotry , represented by the pieces that would evolve into the modern pawn , knight , bishop , and rook , respectively .

Marciano was knocked down in the fight , but he got up and knocked out Moore in the 9th round .

Kurt Vonnegut 's experience as a soldier and prisoner of war -LRB- POW -RRB- had a deep and powerful effect on his writing .

This category would also include the child -LRB- who is able to -RRB- grasp the issues involved , but who is still unaware of those issues .

The terms weak and strong are quite recent , the terms negative and positive are older . They have been used more often in philosophical writing and in Catholic beliefs .

The 1957 Formula One season was the 8th of the championship .

The villages located on the neighbouring hills and mountains are much smaller .

The FrÃ nicle standard form , a standard representation of magic squares , is named after him .

For Whom the Bell Tolls is a 1985 Thrash metal song by rock band Metallica from their album Ride the Lightning .

Its main food is nectar or pollen , although nursing females will eat small insects .

You have to supply the full URL .

Lussas is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .

The circuit is located on Ã le Notre-Dame , a man-made island in the St. Lawrence River . It is part of the city of Montreal , was originally named the Ã le Notre-Dame Circuit .

Wyatt 's rebellion in January and February 1554 against Queen Mary 's plans of a Spanish match was the direct cause of Jane 's and her husband 's execution .

Some of the more well known include eight-ball , nine-ball , straight pool , and one-pocket .

After she has finished her wrestling career , James plans to own a farm and train horses .

was conserved so long as the masses did not interact .

The German Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz during 1676-1689 attempted a mathematical formulation of the kind of energy which is connected with motion -LRB- kinetic energy -RRB- .

He called this quantity the vis viva or living force of the system .

Those who believe this talk about the unnaturally close relationship that existed between Sophie and Napoleon II . It was said that Sophie never recovered after his death and that she blamed it on Metternich for the rest of her life and that , from birth , Maximilian 's stature resembled Napoleon II 's more than that of Franz Karl , his older brother , or any of his younger brothers .

China makes the most bismuth .

Blangy-le-Ch Ã cents teau is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Its amateur radio call sign prefix is JX .

.44 Magnum is a large revolver caliber .

Former Viceroys and other high officials , as well as those who served in the Department of the Secretary of State for India for at least thirty years were eligible for appointment .

It is intended specifically for news sources .

Lima was founded in 1931 as a county seat which was mandated by the Ohio legislature .

There are also printed encyclopedias , and encyclopedias in the computer , such as Wikipedia , the largest computer encyclopedia .

The colonies they set up throughout the Mediterranean , though they counted a Greek polis as their ` mother ' -LRB- and remain sympathetic to her -RRB- , were completely independent of the founding city .

Greek was also the language , and partly the culture , of the Byzantine Empire .

Besides sporadic killings and deaths due to the poor living conditions , many inmates arriving at Jasenovac were scheduled for systematic liquidation .

The Vatican 's sources also speak of similar figures , E.g. of 350,000 Serbs slaughtered by the end of 1942 -LRB- Eugen Tisserant -RRB- and `` over 500,000 people '' at all -LRB- Godfried Danneels . -RRB- -RRB-

The Ustase themselves gave more ` exaggerated assumptions of the number of people they killed .

He specifically recounted his torture of an old man named Vukasin ; he attempted to compel the man to bless Ante Pavelic , which the old man refused to do , although Friganovic cut off his ears , nose and tongue after each refusal .

The first two camps , Krapje and BroÄ ica , were closed in November 1941 .

Vjekoslav `` Maks '' LuburiÄ , commander-in-chief of all the Croatian camps , announced the great `` efficiency '' of the Jasenovac camp at a ceremony on October 9 , 1942 -LRB- keep in mind that Jasenovac operated until 1945 -RRB- .

In physics , spin is the angular momentum of a particle .

The admission of a drinking problem seriously damaged his standing within the parliamentary party .

Total Request Live -LRB- commonly known as TRL -RRB- was a television series on MTV that featured popular music videos .

WestJet was to be the Boeing launch customer for the 737-600 with winglets but announced in their Q2 2006 results that they were not going to move ahead with those plans .

The officers say that Billy might cause trouble , but Vere thinks his men are all good .

The islands ' people are called the Torres Strait Islanders . They are Melanesian peoples related to the Papuans of New Guinea .

Halesowen is a town in West Midlands , England , UK .

The M2 Machine Gun , or Browning .50 Caliber Machine Gun is a heavy machine gun .

An index of all the articles was written to add to the 7th edition of the encyclopedia , and they continued to make an index until 1974 .

Eido was a good swimmer and the bomb exploded outside his favorite Beirut beach resort , Sporting Club .

The summer fur is shorter -LRB- being only 15 mm long on the back -RRB- and has even fewer hairs , with the belly being half bare .

This strand is called the template strand , because it provides the template for ordering the sequence of nucleotides in an RNA transcript . The other strand is called the coding strand .

Gerry Sr. joined the IRA when he was sixteen .

Tour-en-Bessin is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Phagocytes of humans and other animals are called professional or non-professional , depending on how good they are at phagocytosis .

Allied bombings during WWII destroyed the industrial section of the city -LRB- mainly the shipyards -RRB- .

In 1985 Fabian was used instead .

Samonac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .

Koji Maeda -LRB- born 3 February 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

He was , according to Josephus , known in his time as `` Agrippa the Great '' .

The European Skipper has more pointed wings . It has shorter antennae that are not checkered .

The Tropical Least Skipper has more orange on the upper side . The underside has very small black spots near the edge of the wings .

The district is named after two rivers : The Elbe river forms the western border with Saxony . The Schwarze Elster -LRB- `` Black Elster '' -RRB- is a tributary of the Elbe and runs through the district .

Late on August 15 , the warning was extended to San Luis Pass , while the watch in Mexico was canceled .

It was built from 2003 to 2007 in the same spot that the first Wembley Stadium was built .

After playing college hockey at the University of Denver , Venasky went on to play 430 games in the National Hockey League with the Los Angeles Kings .

Moses ' Hebrew mother , Jochebed , hid him when the Pharaoh ordered all newborn Hebrew boys to be killed , and he ended up being adopted into the Egyptian royal family .

Among cities of Poland , BiaÅ ystok is second in terms of population density , eleventh in population , and thirteenth in area .

Water has a very slight blue color that can only be seen in a very large amount of water .

Chiasso is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .

Organic compounds are relatively common in space , especially in the outer solar system where volatiles are not evaporated by solar heating .

For example , instead of the reductive citric acid cycle , the `` open '' acetyl-CoA pathway -LRB- another one of the four recognized ways of carbon dioxide fixation in nature today -RRB- would be even more compatible with the idea of self-organisation on a metal sulfide surface .

The now-famous Millerâ `` Urey experiment used a highly reduced mixture of gases â `` methane , ammonia and hydrogen â `` to form basic organic monomers , such as amino acids .

There are two main types of anchors : temporary and permanent .

Zob Ahan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Esfahan , Iran .

He was born on Newington Plantation in King and Queen County , Virginia and educated at the William and Mary .

Mod-related fashions such as the miniskirt stimulated fashionable shopping areas such as Carnaby Street and the Kings Road , Chelsea .

The multituberculates had a head anatomy similar to rodents . They had cheek-teeth separated from the chisel-like front teeth by a wide tooth-less gap -LRB- called the diastema -RRB- .

Because of the sheltered harbor , many people decided to settle in the immediate area .

In 1927 , Deming was introduced to Walter A. Shewhart of the Bell Telephone Laboratories by Dr. C.H. Kunsman of the United States Department of Agriculture -LRB- USDA -RRB- .

The key is to practice continual improvement and think of manufacturing as a system , not as bits and pieces . ''

Hurricane Vince quickly began to weaken because wind shear began to erode it .

On October 5 , a storm now known as the 2005 Azores subtropical storm was absorbed by another low pressure area .

Vince weakened to a tropical storm .

It is the second book in the Redwall series , and was translated into eight different languages besides English .

To have the links point to a non-user talk page , prefix tp = to the full page name . When doing so , you must use all parameters and include the full talk page link .

Waset -LRB- ancient Thebes or contemporary Luxor -RRB- was in the Fourth Nome , Amarna in the Fourteenth , and Meidum in the Twenty-First .

The people and archbishops of Salzburgs remained loyal to the Habsburgs in their struggles against the Wittelsbachs .

Cuxhaven is a town in Lower Saxony , Germany .

The choreographer of the first performance was Julius Reisinger .

The spinal cord is a thin bundle of nerves that is an extension of the central nervous system from the brain and is enclosed in and protected by the bony vertebral column . The main function of the spinal cord is transmission of neural inputs between the periphery and the brain .

With the coming of the railway line to Gympie , the coastal towns , which were founded as ports for the early river trade , were bypassed .

The Sunshine Coast -LRB- population 312,908 -RRB- is a coastal region in South East Queensland , north of the Queensland capital of Brisbane .

Angelica is a genus of about 50 species of tall biennial and perennial herbs in the family Apiaceae , native to temperate and subarctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere , reaching as far North as Iceland and Lapland .

These paths on the sphere are also called great circles .

DioÅ ti is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .

Walter Lyle Bradley -LRB- born July 31 , 1943 in Lloydminster , Saskatchewan -RRB- is a former ice hockey center .

Frasin is a town that can be found in Suceava County , in the country of Romania .

In an article discussing happiness in video games , Gamasutra editor Lorenzo Wang listed the sound the Goomba makes when it 's squished as one of his pleasures .

Normally the crane lays 2 eggs , with only one surviving .

It was named after Empress Eugenia di Montijo , the wife of Napoleon III , and was the first asteroid to be named after a real person , rather than a figure from classical legend -LRB- although there had been controversy about whether 12 Victoria was really named for the mythological figure or for Queen Victoria -RRB- .

It is found in Cameroon , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Ghana , Guinea-Bissau , Liberia , Nigeria , Sierra Leone , Tanzania , and Uganda .

The control of buoyancy in this manner limits the nautilus ; they can not operate under extreme hydrostatic pressures .

The Angiosperm Phylogeny Web places Vitaceae in its own order , Vitales .

He was prosecuted during the Nuremberg trials for his role in the Holocaust .

The country Bolivia is named after BolÃ var .

Its followers worship Vishnu or its avatars , mainly Rama and Krishna as the highest , or original God .

Kenneth Rexroth -LRB- December 22 , 1905 -- June 6 , 1982 -RRB- was an American writer .

Thus , the current research is aimed to reduce the amount of noise , mainly when trains exit a tunnel .

Coon Rapids is a city of Iowa in the United States .

Mons-en-Laonnois is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .

In around 750 BC iron working techniques reached Britain from southern Europe .

Germans had kept to themselves in these communities for decades .

Decorum -LRB- from the Latin : `` proper , fit , becoming '' -RRB- was a principle of classical rhetoric , poetry and theatrical theory .

It was also reported that the storm damaged at least 16 thousand homes and about 250 square kilometres -LRB- 60 thousand acres -RRB- of land used for cattle .

a. `` Adaptation '' means a work based upon the Work , or upon the Work and other pre-existing works , such as a translation , adaptation , derivative work , arrangement of music or other alterations of a literary or artistic work , or phonogram or performance and includes cinematographic adaptations or any other form in which the Work may be recast , transformed , or adapted including in any form recognizably derived from the original , except that a work that constitutes a Collection will not be considered an Adaptation for the purpose of this License .

Since the series debut in 1964 , there were different songs that served as the show 's main theme .

They are located in Switzerland -LRB- Valais -RRB- and Italy -LRB- Piedmont and the Aosta Valley -RRB- .

Villieu-Loyes-Mollon is a commune .

Most discount department stores offer wide assortments of goods ; others specialize in such merchandise as jewelry , electronic equipment , or electrical appliances .

The Council of Nicaea was historically significant because it was the first effort to come to a consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom . `` It was the first occasion for the development of technical Christology . ''

He had three podium finishes and one pole position .

Bart is therefore cleared of all the charges .

He learned about mathematics and science at The University of Auckland , and in 1939 he completed his first important climb , which was reaching the top of a mountain called Mount Ollivier .

It preceded the Merrie Melodies .

I agreed to try out the violin and stayed with it . ''

Christian Pander -LRB- born 28 August 1983 -RRB- is a German football player . He plays for Schalke .

The hippopotamus has a torso that is shaped like a barrel , very big mouth and teeth , almost hairless body , short legs and great size .

After all these victorious battles , Mughal Rule started under Babur . But , unfortunately , Babur , could not have enjoyed it for long .

Bendejun is a commune .

WrestleMania XIV was the fourteenth WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event made by the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- , which took place on March 29 , 1998 at the Fleet Center in Boston , Massachusetts .

The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 37 Union Councils . .

Extracts can be made and incorporated into hot sauces .

The new strain of swine influenza A is called H1N1 is responsible for the swine flu outbreak in 2009 in humans . It resulted from a combination of several strains of influenza in humans and influenza in birds as well as swine influenza .

Matt is widely regarded as one of the fastest hands in the indie rock scene .

Blue jays can learn to mimic human speech .

As of July 2007 , a total of 1,019 Boeing 757 aircraft were in airline service .

It lies on the Danube , near the city of Melk . It is located in Lower Austria .

It is the county seat of Okeechobee County , Florida .

The high-end version supports sample rates of up to 192 kHz and bit depths of 16 and 24 bit , opens WAV , AIFF , mp3 , SDII audio files . It also supports QuickTime video files .

This article is about the Final Fantasy series .

Federated States of Micronesia national football team is the national football team of Federated States of Micronesia .

Gravesano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .

West also runs his own record label called GOOD Music .

His first two albums , The College Dropout and Late Registration , received many awards -LRB- including six Grammys -RRB- , critical acclaim , and commercial success .

It entered into force in 1975 .

is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 19,622,000 km in 561.518 days , at an inclination of 146 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 146 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.2507 .

Cooper also owns the UK Avon Tyres brand , which also produces tires for motorcycles , road cars , and for motor racing .

Don DeLillo -LRB- born November 20 , 1936 -RRB- is an American author .

Hurricanes Emilia , Gilma , John , and Olivia all reached a pressure below 930 millibars .

Ludwig von Brenner -LRB- born Leipzig , 19 September 1833 ; died 9 February 1902 -RRB- was a German conductor and composer .

These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties .

Supported and partly paid by the Austrian government and the city administration of Vienna , the prize is organized by the publishing house FZA .

Robert Laurence `` Bob '' Barr , Jr. -LRB- born November 5 , 1948 -RRB- is the Libertarian Party nominee for President of the United States in the 2008 election . He is a former federal prosecutor and a former member of the United States House of Representatives .

The nine spoiled women are shocked to learn that their families cut them off from their finances , and enrolled them into an eight-week rehabilitation program designed to teach them self-reliance and humility .

Religiously , the population consists of both Christians and Muslims .

They have been found to have been in Africa in the upper Miocene .

Older resistors are made out of solid carbon .

An alternative to a selectable marker is a screenable marker , which allows the researcher to distinguish between wanted and unwanted cells .

WWE Night of Champions was the second yearly Night of Champions professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .

Sinosauropteryx prima is among the smallest known non-avian theropods , with the type specimen -LRB- a nearly mature individual -RRB- measuring only 68 c in length , including a very long tail .

she sang `` There 's a hole in my bodhran '' , to the tune of `` There 's a Hole in my Bucket '' .

Her 2003 album An Echo of Hooves went back to the traditional ballad style .

`` Licensed to Ill '' is the first album of the Beastie Boys , released on November 1986 .

This is how Uesugi came to be daimyo of Yonezawa .

Briel-sur-Barse is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .

In-house developers In-house developers work directly to the publisher . They have more freedom on the making of the game than third-party developers have .

Either way , this suggests a loose rubble pile -LRB- an asteroid that has been broken up in a collision and pulled back together by gravity -RRB- structure .

The greenhouse effect is caused by greenhouse gases ; the most important greenhouse gasses in Earth 's atmosphere are : water vapor , carbon dioxide , and methane .

It stars Shahrukh Khan , Manisha Koirala , and Preity Zinta .

Some carbon-containing compounds are traditionally considered inorganic .

The artist , Basil Hallward , thinks that Dorian Gray is very beautiful , and becomes obsessed with him . One day in Basil 's garden , Dorian Gray meets a man named Lord Henry Wotton .

De Klerk was born in Johannesburg , on 18 March 1936 . He was the president of South Africa from 1989 to 1994 .

The first two bars are played by McCartney , the second two by Harrison , and the third two by Lennon , then the sequence repeats .

Willis Island is the only island where people live ; four people there run a weather station .

Edward Guinan is currently a professor in Villanova University 's Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics .

Wilson later met with the band to ask joining the band .

The final change in the band 's line-up came at the latter stages of the recording process of the band 's debut album , Slipknot , in 1999 .

Hjalmarsson won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks in 2010 .

The German Wikipedia -LRB- In German : Deutschsprachige Wikipedia -RRB- is the German language edition of Wikipedia . It is the second largest Wikipedia , after the English Wikipedia .

But archaeological evidence points to a slower , more organic growth of the city beginning before Pachacutieven though he did initiate growth in the city after defeating the Chancas as a monument to Incan glory .

Leonardo was born on 15 April 1452 , in the Tuscan hill town of Vinci , in the valley of the Arno River .

Fabbri was a long time supporter of to the anarchist press in Europe and later South America , including co-editing , with Errico Malatesta , the paper L'Agitazione .

The San Diego Chargers are a professional American football team based in San Diego , California .

Norwich is the county town of Norfolk , a county in the East of England .

She told Fresh Airs Terry Gross the role was originally intended for a man but , at the urging of Steve Carell 's wife Nancy Walls , was offered to Lynch instead .

Not a member of any party , Gauck was nominated by the opposition SPD and Greens as their presidential candidate on 3 June .

The Eastern Orthodox Church is a Christian church .

To add a page to this category , simply add to it .

Emery has been awarded many honors , most from the minor league .

Part of NY 308 is in the Rhinebeck Village Historic District , which is a 1670 a area that has 272 historical buildings .

After leaving school aged 15 , Collins took the British Civil Service examination in Cork in February 1906 , .

This template was created to easily update any article with the ' . To use this template , insert the following code :

Bercenay-le-Hayer is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .

Port forwarding allows remote computers -LRB- e.g. public machines on the Internet -RRB- to connect to a specific computer within a private LAN .

If one of permi2 and perkm2 is omitted , it will be calculated by conversion of the other -LRB- which must be numerical or an error will be displayed -RRB- .

The Variance can be square rooted to get the Standard deviation .

Andermatt is a municipality of the canton of Uri in Switzerland .

The British Rail Class 419 Motor Luggage Vans -LRB- or MLV -RRB- were built from 1951-61 by BR at Eastleigh Works .

In 1991 he was given the Wolf Prize by the Israeli Government .

In late December 2003 , the Grand National Assembly of Turkey passed a law that allowed for the removal of six zeroes from the currency , and the creation of the new lira . It was introduced on 1 January 2005 , replacing the previous lira -LRB- which remained valid in circulation until the end of 2005 -RRB- at a rate of 1 new lira = 1,000,000 old lira .

The connection of Joseph of Arimathea with the Grail legend dates from Robert de Boron 's Joseph d'Arimathie -LRB- late 12th century -RRB- . In the story , Joseph receives the Grail from an apparition of Jesus and sends it with his followers to Great Britain ; building upon this theme , later writers told how Joseph used the Grail to catch Christ 's blood while burying him and that in Britain he founded a line of guardians to keep it safe .

Walter Casagrande -LRB- born 15 April , 1963 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .

It is not determined by area , but is created by relationships that involve a high level of personal commitment to , involvement with , or dependence upon , a person , subject , idea , tradition , or organization .

If editors on a talk page suggest in good faith that you may have a conflict of interest , try to identify and minimize your biases , and consider withdrawing from editing the article .

A shore or shoreline is the fringe of land at the edge of a large body of water , such as an ocean , sea , or lake .

Her family 's steady support was very important to Austen 's development as a writer .

Adam McKay is an American writer , director , actor , and comedian .

`` Krusty Gets Busted '' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons first season , and first started on April 29 , 1990 .

This was criticized in an article by Stephen McIntyre and Ross McKitrick .

Lead Authors write sections of chapters .

Much of the mountains are located within the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area .

Aleph is the first letter of the Hebrew alphabet .

ThÃ zillieu is a commune .

The away goals rule also applies if scores are equal at the end of extra time .

The matches were played on 19 July and 2 August 2007 .

It leads to muscle weakness , since the ability to exert force is related to mass. .

It is the current home stadium of Aston Villa .

She has supported Amici and Russell Watson with 2 sold-out tours in Tokyo .

Although the Atari 5200 's insides were very much like that of the 400\/800 home computers , the differences were enough so that games designed for one would not run directly on the other .

The Couderay River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in the northwestern part of Wisconsin .

Porphyra is a red alga used in Wales to make laver .

Each of these mirrors has a surface measuring 120 square meters -LRB- 1,290 square feet -RRB- that concentrates the Sun 's rays to the top of a 115 meter -LRB- 377 foot -RRB- high tower where a solar receiver and a steam turbine are located .

He was caught by the school nurse , and charged with indecent conduct before the Lord Mayor of London . He was acquitted after giving Â # 1000 to the school : after that there was a military inquiry in April 1816 which stripped him of his rank and honors .

Then he sat for Maryborough until 1800 .

This illegitimate Northern Court had been established in Kyoto by Ashikaga Takauji .

The municipality had , in 2002 , a total population of 4,491 : 2,453 men and 2,038 women .

Jay A. Pritzker and his wife Cindy began the award in 1979 .

This page indexes the individual years pages .

In Japan and other Southeast Asian countries including Thailand , Taiwan and Malaysia , the peas are roasted and salted , and eaten as snacks .

After the purchase of Minardi , Red Bull Racing announced the team would become Scuderia Toro Rosso . Speed and Vitantonio Liuzzi would be the drivers for the 2006 season .

`` New Haven '' may also refer to the wider Greater New Haven area , which has nearly 600,000 inhabitants in the immediate area . It is located in New Haven County , on New Haven Harbor , on the northern shore of Long Island Sound .

In it , he noted ,

The second , titled `` Disposable Teens Pt .2 '' , followed on November 14 , 2000 and features a cover of The Doors ' `` Five to One '' .

After its release , Manson revealed that the over-arching story within the trilogy is divulged in reverse chronological order .

Friedrich Wilhelm Karl was born on the 15 September 1911 in Frankfurt on Oder , Germany .

The Lynbarn was handed over to the park in 2005 , once Woody Bay had become established , and continues to operate as part of the attraction .

Plott Hounds tend to eat fast .

This model does not require that individuals are highly related , though high relatedness will reduce expected levels of resistance to manipulation .

On some tropical reefs , several species of minute Synalpheus pistol shrimp that depend on certain sponges for the survival of their colony , live eusocially , with a single breeding female and a preponderance of male defenders , armed with enlarged snapping claws .

The ColecoVision offered arcade-quality graphics and gaming style , and the means to expand the system 's basic hardware .

Jacob `` Jake '' Hager -LRB- born December 3 , 1982 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler , currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- and wrestling under the name Jack Swagger on the Raw brand .

His first loss came in the form of a Raw dark match , at the TV taping on August 18 , 2008 when he lost to William Regal .

Both Janet Champion and Slavka Kohout of the United States performed this spin early on .

An epiphyte gets its moisture and nutrients from the air and rain , and sometimes from debris accumulating around it . The ones in the temperate zone are often mosses , liverworts , lichens and algae , and in the tropics ferns , cacti , orchids , and bromeliads .

The forward thrust is proportional to the -LRB- mass of the air -RRB- multiplied by -LRB- average velocity of the airstream -RRB- .

Valentino Mazzola -LRB- born 26 January 1919 - died 4 May 1949 -RRB- was a Italian football player .

Degenerate art was the term used by the Nazi regime in Germany to describe nearly all modern art .

It links Stoke Newington to Liverpool Street in central London , and to Cheshunt and Enfield Town farther north .

The First Mayor forms the ministries , according to the coalition agreement of the ruling parties .

The senate is permitted no more than 12 members by law .

Roy Richard Scheider -LRB- November 10 , 1932 â `` February 10 , 2008 -RRB- was an Academy Award - and Golden Globe-nominated American actor .

The Bergen County Academies is a public high school in Hackensack of New Jersey .

The qualifying event was held at the Pakenham Regional Tennis Centre .

The main draws took place between the 23 and 29 January 2011 .

In the quarterfinals An-Sophie Mestach and Demi Schuurs sent the number one seeds Irina Khromacheva and Yulia Putintseva home for the loss of just three games .

Gisela Dulko \/ Flavia Pennetta def .

The second round witnessed the number one seeds Bryan and Huber withdraw and the defending champions , Paes and Black go out to Paul Hanley and Chan Yung-jan after two tiebreak sets .

In music , the term abstraction can be used to describe improvisatory approaches to interpretation , and may sometimes indicate abandonment of tonality .

It was first printed as sheet music in 1903 .

In North Carolina , the storm surge from Isabel washed away part of Hatteras Island . This area of washed away land was sometimes known as Isabel Inlet .

Joseph Benedict Chifley -LRB- 22 September 1885 -- 13 June 1951 -RRB- was the 16th Prime Minister of Australia .

This type of scalar product is nevertheless quite useful , and leads to the notions of Hermitian form and of general inner product spaces .

It was released on September 18 , 1978 , as one of four solo albums released by the members of Kiss .

Andrew `` Andy '' Murray -LRB- born 15 May 1987 -RRB- is a Scottish professional tennis player .

The game follows the Simpson family and the people who live in Springfield , who see many strange things that happen in their town .

At the age of thirty , Hooker was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society , and in 1873 he was chosen as its President -LRB- until 1877 -RRB- .

Hooker was the one who formally presented this material to the Linnean Society meeting in 1858 .

Francesco Petrarca -LRB- July 20 , 1304 â `` July 19 , 1374 -RRB- , known in English as Petrarch , was an Italian scholar , poet , and one of the earliest Renaissance humanists .

Emoticons have also expanded beyond simple cartoon facial expressions to a variety of still or moving images .

Ferric refers to chemical compounds containing iron in the +3 oxidation state .

Panama Fever : The Epic Story of One of the Greatest Human Achievements of All Time - the Building of the Panama Canal .

Bergdietikon is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

The highest peaks of the Stara planina itself are in central Bulgaria .

In March 2008 , El Diario commented , `` But if doubts persist about cases involving missing Latinas , there are reasons why .

She was last seen by her classmates outside Carlos ` n Charlie 's , a Caribbean chain restaurant and nightclub in Oranjestad , in a car with locals Joran van der Sloot and brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe .

The preparation and study of karyotypes is part of cytogenetics -LRB- cytology and genetics -RRB- .

The FÃ dÃ ration Internationale de Football Association -LRB- French for International Federation of Association Football -RRB- , or FIFA for short , is the organization that controls international football -LRB- also called association football -RRB- .

The UK general election , 1997 was an election held on 1 May 1997 to elect 659 members to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom .

The total area is 325.78 kmÂ .

It was used by the monks of Zen Buddhism in the practice of suizen -LRB- blowing meditation -RRB- .

The actinides are the 14 chemical elements that are between actinium and lawrencium in the periodic table .

The Weinstein brothers ran Miramax separately of other Disney companies .

There are many nicknames for `` Daniel '' : Dan , Danny -LRB- English -RRB- and Danya -LRB- Russia -RRB- .

Before this , some organisms have been interpreted -LRB- tentatively -RRB- as stem-group polyplacophora ; the record of polyplacophora stretches back to the Upper Cambrian .

Saint-Alban-Auriolles is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .

It includes all the traditional forms of religious thought , such as Kalam -LRB- Islamic theology -RRB- and Fiqh -LRB- Islamic jurisprudence -RRB- and also assimilates fields generally considered to be secular in the West , such as Islamic science and Islamic economics .

Andrew Chan , Si Yi Chen , Michael Czugaj , Renae Lawrence , Tach Duc Thanh Nguyen , Matthew Norman , Scott Rush , Martin Stephens and Myuran Sukumaran , all aged between 18 and 28 at the time of their arrests .

No sign of the former station is visible on the surface or from the road tunnel however .

Fred Jones also known as Fred , or Freddie is a fictional character from Scooby-Doo .

Instead , the display is multiplexed .

Unlike other monkeys , Woolly Monkeys are most likely to be found on the ground . They move much more slowly than other monkeys do , too .

Ever since the city began in 1682 , Philadelphia had been using its city bell to make its people know about meetings or civil danger .

The Acanthocephala were thought to be a separate phylum .

If so , they are the nominate Sumatran Siamang -LRB- S. s. syndactylus -RRB- and the Malaysian Siamang -LRB- S. s. continentis , in peninsular Malaysia -RRB- .

The school has an all weather sports pitch which which the Wycombe Wanderers first team sometimes train on .

See How do I get my Wikipedia article to show up in the Google Earth Geographic Web layer ? .

Fir Park is a football stadium in Motherwell , North Lanarkshire , Scotland .

Endorheic basins usually end in a saline lake or a salt flat .

Rasht is the capital city of the Gilan province of Iran .

Bourneau is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .

MontrÃ al is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .

Princess MÃ xima talked to the nation in fluent Dutch during the live broadcast on the occasion of the engagement .

The same year , she married the Italian dancer Ludovico Casagli , and got the name Justina Casagli .

The out-and-back coaster is 24 f tall and travels a course of 700 f. It was awarded the ACE Coaster Classic award by the American Coaster Enthusiasts .

EdÃ lson -LRB- born 17 September 1970 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .

In 1864 he became the Hofkapellmeister in Munich .

The event was the first WrestleMania held in the state of Texas .

The band released their new album , entitled The Chaos , on 26th April 2010 in the UK .

It is the home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic orchestra . It seats 2,265 people .

Brentwood College School is a boarding school for boys and girls that helps students get ready for university .

In 1879 , this company joined with the New England Telephone Company to form the National Bell Telephone Company .

Mary Beatrice d'Este was the older child of Alfonso IV , Duke of Modena and his wife Laura Martinozzi . She was born on 5 October 1658 NS in Modena .

In the absence of large-scale political unification , such as that imposed forcibly by the Romans upon the peoples of Italy , the various tribes remained free , led by their own hereditary or chosen leaders .

She stated that the first champions would be the winners of an eight-team tournament .

While nominal GDP is the total amount of money spent on GDP , real GDP -LRB- like real in most economic meaning -RRB- tries to correct this number for inflation .

It is the county seat of Jackson County .

In 1789 , at the start of the French Revolution , he was sent as a deputy to the Estates-General that soon became the National Constituent Assembly , he became well lknown for some of his speeches , particularly one supporting capital punishment .

The high wages and abundance of available land seen in the late 14th century and early 15th century were replaced with low wages and a land shortage .

The Luther Bible is a German Bible translation by Martin Luther , first printed with both testaments in 1534 .

She is no longer Earth-Born , but the creature , the handiwork of Olympian Zeus . ''

Eliot is a American town in the state of Maine .

`` Empire State of Mind '' is a song by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys .

If there are two pieces of the same type that can move to the same square , one more letter or number is added to show the file or rank from which the piece moved , e.g. Ngf3 means `` knight from the g-file moves to the square f3 '' .

It was released on July 24 2007 in the United States and in the European Union and on August 1 2007 in Australia .

Valentin Louis Georges EugÃ ne Marcel Proust -LRB- French pronounced : maÊ sÉ l pÊ ust -RRB- -LRB- July 10 , 1871 â `` November 18 , 1922 -RRB- was a French novelist , essayist and critic , best known as the author of Ã la recherche du temps perdu -LRB- in English , In Search of Lost Time -RRB- , a monumental work of twentieth-century fiction published in seven parts from 1913 to 1927 .

Toshiba is a Japanese brand of computer . Toshiba Corporation was founded in 1939 , when two companies , a telegraph manufacturer and a light bulb maker .

`` Basket Case '' is a song by the band , Green Day from its third album Dookie .

In the interwar years urban London further expanded , with the expansion of public transport , and the setting up of new industries outside inner London .

This order includes true parrots as well as cockatoos .

In 2007 , Hurricane Humberto made landfall near High Island .

He was the only child of Georg Friedrich Kellner , a baker from the village of Arnstadt in Thuringia , and Barbara Wilhelmine Vaigle from Bissingen .

In 1553 , Queen Mary came to the throne and it was made illegal to hold Protestant views .

Although originally designed for the x86 architecture , it has been ported to many others and currently runs on the x86 , x86-64 , IA-64 , PA-RISC ; PowerPC , PowerPC 970 , SPARC64 , MIPS , DEC Alpha , System Z\/s390 , PS3 Cell Processor and SuperH architectures .

The Defense Support Program -LRB- DSP -RRB- is a group of satellites that orbit the Earth . They are owned by the United States Air Force to run the Satellite Early Warning System used by the United States .

Lemps is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .

George Roger Waters -LRB- born 6 September 1943 in Great Bookham , Surrey -RRB- is an English rock musician .

Following the title 's introduction in 1963 , Buddy Rogers became the first champion on April 29 .

Most of the Malaysian federal government agencies and departments are also located in Kota Kinabalu .

Muller frequently warned of the long-term dangers of radioactive fallout from nuclear explosions .

Melee and Brawl as a character that Zelda can turn into .

The name `` Donna '' was retired .

Crissiumal is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil . It has a population of 14.726 people -LRB- 2007 - IBGE -RRB- .

When PeÃ a left the Clinton administration , he returned to Denver and joined investment firm Vestar Capital Partners in August 1998 , as Senior Advisor .

The function of the parietal eye is unknown , but it may be useful in absorbing ultraviolet rays to manufacture vitamin D. It may also do other things .

For example , the word ` joint ' :

James was tutored at the family home ` Broomhill ' , Pendlebury , near Salford , until 1834 when he was sent , with his elder brother Benjamin , to study with John Dalton at the Manchester Literary and Philosophical Society .

It was developed by Hans Geiger and Ernest Rutherford in 1908 .

It plays an important role in the immune system by attacking virus-infected cells , foreign cells , and cancer cells . The `` T '' in T cell stands for thymus .

The S , T , and ST scales are used for trig functions and multiples of trig functions , for angles in degrees .

Computers also changed the nature of calculation .

As the infection goes on , muscle spasms develop in the jaw . This led to the common name of the condition , lockjaw .

The lowest average attendance at Portman Road was 8,741 in the club 's first professional season , the 1936 â `` 37 season .

They are usually animals who are more active at night and they are seed-eaters .

Chromium -LRB- III -RRB- oxide is a dark green chemical that has a formula of Cr2O3 .

Sulawesi is the world 's eleventh-largest island , covering an area of 174,600 km2 . The island is surrounded by Borneo to the west , by the Philippines to the north , by Maluku to the east , and by Flores and Timor to the south .

The Habitation at Port-Royal was an early French colonial settlement . Today it is a National Historic Site in Port Royal in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .

It was given an Australian-only single release and was also a radio single in the United States .

These are the cities in the municipality of Meppel .

Cosmic background microwave radiation -LRB- CMB radiation -RRB- is radiation in the microwave part of the electromagnetic spectrum , which comes from all directions in outer space .

Cavignac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .

An oil refinery or petroleum refinery is an industrial process plant where crude oil is processed and refined into more useful petroleum products , such as gasoline , diesel fuel , asphalt base , heating oil , kerosene , and liquefied petroleum gas .

SUVs are even raced , such as in the Paris-Dakar Rally and the Australian Safari .

This category and articles are about domestic cats .

In 1991 , Artie Shaw 's band library and manuscript collection was donated to the University of Arizona .

The branches of the NSE are located throughout India .

The Capital Market -LRB- Equities -RRB- segment of the NSE commenced operations in November 1994 , while operations in the Derivatives segment commenced in June 2000 .

In 1887 , the Order was divided into the two classes of Knights Commander -LRB- 50 at any given time -RRB- and Companions -LRB- no quota -RRB- .

On 27 April 1941 , a newly formed unit of the UstaÅ e army killed members of the largely Serbian community of Gudovac , near Bjelovar .

He accorded himself the title of `` Poglavnik '' , - a Croatian approximation to `` FÃ 1\/4 hrer '' and translating to something like `` Headman '' in English .

This ghost is said to appear in a mirror after calling its name three times or more , depending on the version of the story .

Blood can leave only through a system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum .

His first published work , the novella Geschwisterliebe -LRB- or `` Sibling Love '' -RRB- , appeared in the Berlin Figaro in December 1839 .

Buffon held the position of Intendant -LRB- Director -RRB- of the Jardin du Roi , now called the Jardin des Plantes ; it is the French equivalent of Kew Gardens .

At this point , the prefect Laetus formed a conspiracy with Eclectus to supplant Commodus with Pertinax , taking Marcia into their confidence .

Commodus -LRB- Lucius Aurelius Commodus Antoninus , 31 August 161 â `` 31 December 192 -RRB- was Roman Emperor from 180 to 192 .

During that time , people said that the a serf `` worked for all '' , a knight or baron `` fought for all '' and a churchman `` prayed for all . ''

Armenia is a town of Juneau County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States .

Before modern times the government of the Isle of Man was in the hands of the Governor -LRB- or Lieutenant Governor -RRB- , who representated the Lord of Man , assisted by his Council , consisting of the other permanent officials -LRB- the Bishop , Archdeacon , Deemsters , Attorney General , etc. -RRB- .

These included the Board of Education -LRB- 1872 -RRB- , Highway Board -LRB- 1874 -RRB- , Asylums Board -LRB- 1888 -RRB- , Government Property Trustees -LRB- 1891 -RRB- and Local Government Board -LRB- 1894 -RRB- .

Antonios Nikopolidis -LRB- born 14 January 1971 -RRB- is a Greek football player .

The squash has been an important crop in the Andes mountains since the pre-Columbian Era .

Taku Watanabe -LRB- born 9 November 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

Sense and Sensibility is a book by Jane Austen .

The first Constituent congress of Peru took place in the chapel of the University of San Marcos in 1822 .

Edwards presented episodes of the Christian praise show Songs of Praise until 2007 .

Rufus W. Mathewson , however , argues that Alyosha Karamazov is a more successful positive hero than Prince Myshkin .

Later , in 1572 , a pug named Pompey saved the Prince of Orange by warning him when the Spaniards came .

William III and Mary II also took a pug with them when they were going from Netherlands to England for the seat of the throne in 1688 .

She had many pet pugs , such as Olga , Pedro , Minka , Fatima , and Venus .

, One Piece , and El Hazard .

Dirk Nowitzki -LRB- born June 19 , 1978 in WÃ 1\/4 rzburg , Germany -RRB- is a German basketball player . He plays for the Dallas Mavericks in the United States ' National Basketball Association 's -LRB- NBA -RRB- .

It crosses the Hindu Kush mountains .

Its construction began in 1611 . Its splendor is mainly due to the beauty of its seven-color mosaic tiles and calligraphic inscriptions .

The pathogen , Leptospira-genus bacteria was isolated in 1907 from a post mortem kidney slice .

Now , Rhenock has following educational institutions

Biggar is a town in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .

With systems that have unusual or non-uniform naming , like Amtrak , it may be necessary to have a test case for every line .

Researchers hope to find preserved mitochondrial DNA to compare with samples from similarly unfossilised specimens of Homo neanderthalensis and H. sapiens .

Clifford Lee Burton -LRB- February 10 , 1962 - September 27 , 1986 -RRB- was an American bassist and songwriter , best known by being the bassist of thrash metal band Metallica from 1982 until his death in 1986 .

In addition , you must do these things in the Modified Version :

The combined work need only contain one copy of this License , and multiple identical Invariant Sections may be replaced with a single copy .

Shirkuh died two months after taking power , and the rule went to his nephew , Saladin .

Eastern Christianity means the Christian traditions and churches which developed in Greece , the Balkans , Eastern Europe , Asia Minor , the Middle East , northeastern Africa and southern India over several centuries of religious antiquity .

Alabama gained statehood on 14 December 1819 .

Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf was founded by -LRB- Imran Khan -RRB- on April 25th , 1996 in Lahore , Pakistan .

In 1999 , he became music director of the Orquesta SinfÃ nica SimÃ n BolÃ var , the national youth orchestra of Venezuela , and toured several countries .

Unlike some similar invertebrates , they do not have external cilia , but instead have a number of spines along the body , plus up to seven circles of spines around the head .

She placed fourth in the long program scoring 114.19 points , and finished the third one with 186.14 points behind Miki Ando and Mao Asada of Japan .

The four yellow arrows are for the native people of Brazil . The arrows pointing into the four cardinal directions of the compass stands for the power moving out from the center .

He was reelected to a second term on 23 May 2009 .

KÃ hler is an economist by profession .

Wenedyk does not have articles , words like `` a '' and `` the '' .

The Qajar dynasty , - or Ø Ù Ø Ù

Sauber switched from Bridgestone to Michelin tyres over the winter , further severing their ties with the Ferrari team .

This adds the ability to interoperate with net applications that understand relationships between people and time and place information .

Usage : The template would typically be in an infobox , such as in 's spouse field .

Lucy Katherine Pinder -LRB- born 20 December , 1983 -RRB- is an English glamour model . She is from Winchester , Hampshire .

She revealed that she is `` a bit of a Tory bird '' and that ` thick ' people irritate her .

The Legend of Zelda : Link 's Awakening , known in Japan as Zelda no Densetsu : Yume o Miru Shima , is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console .

Bellicourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .

The Vikings play in the National Football Conference of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .

The Irish Singles Chart is the Republic of Ireland music industry standard singles popularity chart issued weekly by the Irish Recorded Music Association and compiled on behalf of the IRMA by Chart-Track .

However , until World War I , Kreuzlingen was a kind of suburb of Constance .

Carrion is the carcass of a dead animal .

Le HÃ rie-la-Vi Ã ville is a commune .

Instead the German troops were greeted by cheering Austrians with Hitler salute , Nazi flags and flowers .

In April 2007 , examiners using newer DNA technology identified another Flight 11 victim .

When interviewed by MTV News , Luckett said that her and LaTavia Roberson created a new group called Anjel .

For the 1996 season , the old CART specification engines were used . They were also used for the first two races of the 1996-97 season .

The storm started to enter cooler waters , and the cyclone quickly moved towards the east-northeastward on July 21 and July 22 .

It has been designated S\/2001 -LRB- 107 -RRB- 1 but it does not yet have an official name .

Ha Seok-Ju -LRB- born 20 February 1968 -RRB- is a former South Korean football player .

Orbetello is a town and commune in the province of Grosseto -LRB- Tuscany -RRB- , Italy .

Salmon is a city of Idaho in the United States .

It ended on November 30 , 1972 .

var noAllow = -LRB- -RRB- ; if -LRB- navigator .

Vampire bats is a subfamily of bats .

Often adding context to the article will help in the short-term to establish the potential of an encyclopedic entry on a topic .

Through his maternal grandmother , Arnold was a descendant of John Lothropp , an ancestor of at least four U.S. presidents .

In December 1780 , under orders from Clinton , Arnold led a force of 1,600 troops into Virginia , where he captured Richmond by surprise and then went on a rampage through Virginia , destroying supply houses , foundries , and mills .

His Judas-role in popular imagination is so fixed though that even an iconoclastic novel sequence like Gore Vidal 's Narratives of Empire does not question it .

In 1755 , Arnold , attracted by the sound of a drummer , attempted to enlist in the provincial militia to fight in the French and Indian War , but his mother refused permission .

Winds in the city were 23 m. Rainfall in the country peaked at 48 m in Wexford .

A bread roll is a piece of bread , usually small and round and is usually a side dish .

It prefers some steppe and semi-desert in mountainous areas .

Pinheiro da Silva -LRB- born 3 June , 1915 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .

See Namespace for the full list of namespace numbers .

The Union Council has a population of 56,892 and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka , it is located in the west of the district .

To prepare for the university , many international students attend German language courses at the University .

-LRB- citation needed -RRB- The sirens of Greek mythology are sometimes portrayed in later folklore as mermaid-like ; in fact , some languages use the same word for both bird and fish creatures , such as the Maltese word ` sirena ' .

Carolingian , though legible , was time-consuming and labour-intensive to produce .

He has played for Japan national team .

Child pornography is a multi-billion dollar industry and among the fastest growing crime activities on the Internet , according to the USA The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children -LRB- NCMEC -RRB- , the International Centre for Missing & Exploited Children -LRB- ICMEC -RRB- and other international sources . According to the NCMEC , almost one fifth of all Internet pornography is child pornography .

In 2007 , classifieds were added . Articles and news briefs were also added .

Sonic Adventure is a video game from the Sonic the Hedgehog series . It was released in Japan on December 23 , 1998 .

Hibari Misora was born Kazue KatÅ in Isogo-ku , Yokohama , Japan .

Kessler won the WBA Super Middleweight regular title on June 21 , 2008 , beating Dimitri Sartison by a 12th round knockout .

The horse-drawn wagons moved too slowly for the incoming tide , and many were lost .

The simplest way to add this template to an article is to copy and paste at the bottom of the article .

If you need to link a show , use Template : Ibdb title instead .

It is thought that many Trojan asteroids are in fact small planetesimals captured in the Lagrange point of Jupiter-Sun system during the farther migration of the giant planets , 3.9 billion years ago .

Matteo Brighi -LRB- born 14 February 1981 -RRB- is an Italian football player .

Grand-Verly is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .

When he became the senior cardinal Dean of the Sacred College of Cardinals on 26 September 1803 , he transferred to the See of Ostia and Velletri .

These two marriages were tactics used by Louis XIV to keep Victor Amadeus close to France prior to the War of the Spanish Succession .

Its life history and host plants are unknown .

Software that use the MIT License include Expat , PuTTY , Mono development platform class libraries , Ruby on Rails , Cakephp , Twisted , Lua 5.0 onwards and the X Window System , which the license was written for .

Zinc is used in alloys . Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc .

Two years later she began to have a love affair with Fabrizio Carafa , the Duke of Andria .

The building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 sealed the border between East Berlin and West Berlin .

Hurricane Ioke -LRB- also Typhoon Ioke , international designation 0612 , JTWC designation 01C also sometimes called Super Typhoon Ioke -RRB- is the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Central Pacific .

The passage is also good for seeing Whales , Dolphins , seabirds , and penguins .

Craig County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .

As of 2000 , the population was 14,950 .

Fletcher now lives in Lee , New Hampshire .

The trip was supposed to allow Eisenstein and others to learn about sound motion pictures . It would also show the famous Soviet artists to the capitalist West .

At the Petrograd Institute of Civil Engineering , Sergei studied architecture and engineering , the job of his father .

Between the end of October 1930 , and Thanksgiving of that year , Sinclair had gotten an extension of Eisenstein 's leave from the Soviet Union .

She finished both Urusei Yatsura -LRB- 34 books -RRB- with Maison Ikkoku -LRB- 15 books -RRB- .

The song was also the theme song for the Nintendo 64 game Nascar 99 .

If it falls below that threshold , then there 's no way to climb back from certain extinction .

Suddenly , the father appears and starts fighting the Quetzacoatlus .

In the end , the narrator says that humans would never have existed if a chance collision in space 150 million years ago had n't occurred , sending an asteroid hurtling towards Earth and dooming the dinosaurs to extinction .

-LRB- 102.27 kg -RRB- , he led the way for taller , larger shortstops to be successful in that position .

Real Madrid Club de FÃ tbol is a Spanish football Club .

The table below chronicles the achievements of Saipa in various competitions since 1993 .

Saipa Karaj Football Club is a football team based in Karaj , Iran .

Access at the Farringdon end will be via the new Thameslink ticket hall .

FreeNAS is currently distributed as an ISO image and in source form .

Note that the sum of the residuals within a random sample must be zero . The residuals are therefore not independent .

Hugo Ibarra -LRB- born 1 April 1974 -RRB- is an Argentine football player .

She dedicated the whole performance to him and sang `` Why ?

In 1951 , Sturgeon said something that is now known as Sturgeon 's Law . He said , `` Ninety percent of SF -LRB- science fiction -RRB- is crud , but then , ninety percent of everything is crud . ''

Jefferson started the University of Virginia .

The RÃ union Tram Train is expected to start being built in 2008 . It stretches from the city to the airport and to RÃ union 's second city Saint-Paul .

He advocated the resolution of Bosnian issues by reforms and cooperation between the people and the nobility .

It was directed by John Boorman and starred Burt Reynolds , Ronny Cox , Ned Beatty , and Jon Voight .

Morbio Superiore is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland in the hills above Chiasso .

It is made of two horseshoe-shaped islets , Manuae to the west and Te Au O Tu to the east , with a total area of 6.17 kmÂ on either side of a lagoon about 7 km x 4 km .

The FC Augsburg is a football club which plays in Germany .

The gameplay of Diamond and Pearl are much the same as previous PokÃ mon games .

He was the father of LÃ on Daudet and Lucien Daudet .

On January 14 , 1836 , Crockett and 65 other men signed an oath before Judge John Forbes to the Provisional Government of Texas for six months that said `` I have taken the oath of government and have enrolled my name as a volunteer and will set out for the Rio Grande in a few days with the volunteers from the United States . ''

His teacher told his father that Crockett was not at school .

Sainte-H Ã lÃ ne , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .

The American edition of the novel was titled Pearls of Lutra .

As being temporarily deprived of our Motherland let us save in our ranks not only faith in her , but an unbending desire towards feats , sacrifice , and the establishment of a united friendly family of those who did not let down their hands in the fight for her liberation ''

Tonegawa compared the DNA of B cells -LRB- a type of white blood cell -RRB- in embryonic and adult mice . He found that genes in the mature B cells of the adult mice are moved around , recombined , and deleted to make the many versions of the variable region of antibodies .

Strength training differs from bodybuilding , weightlifting , powerlifting , and strongman , which are sports rather than forms of exercise , although training for them totally depends on strength training .

Chikor gray and black Partridge are also found in the parts of the district .

The backbone of the district is formed by the Salt Range , a treble line of parallel hills running in three long forks from east to west throughout its whole breadth .

His most successful films are Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets , Mrs. Doubtfire , and Home Alone .

Sean Bean -LRB- born as Shaun Mark Bean on April 17 , 1959 , in Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England -RRB- is an English actor .

Saint-Nizier-le-D Ã sert is a commune .

The NFC playoffs culminate in the NFC Championship Game for the George Halas Trophy .

He was given a knighthood in 1988 and was made a Companion of Honour in 2000 .

It is the seventeenth book in the Redwall series , and it was also translated into French .

The original lineup was made up of Joey on drums , Johnny on Guitar and Dee Dee on bass and vocals and Tommy was their manager . Then Dee Dee said he was unable to sing while playing bass so Tommy got Joey to sing and then played drums himself leaving Dee Dee to backup sing .

His craggy looks soon made him into a character actor , although he won critical acclaim as Galileo in John Dexter 's production of The Life of Galileo by Brecht at the National Theatre in 1980 .

However , if etc. are not used , such as when the author of the source is unknown and the short footnote specifies an organization name , will not create the proper ID value .

ChÃ cents teauneuf-le-Rouge is a commune of 2,070 people -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .

She is best known for her role as `` Tara Maclay '' , on the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .

We can better understand the underlying flame physics by constructing an idealized model consisting of a uniform one-dimensional tube of unburnt and burned gaseous fuel , separated by a thin transitional region of width in which the burning occurs .

Lou Bega has made music for Tropico videogame .

The Libreville International Airport , the headquarters for Air Gabon , is about north of the city .

Unlike the previous two , the third tunnel was discovered following a tip from a North Korean defector .

In 1890 Peechelba Town office opened , closing in 1969 .

He has also played in the NHL for the Florida Panthers for 8 seasons , the Calgary Flames for 2 seasons , the Anaheim Ducks\/Mighty Ducks of Anaheim for 6 seasons and the New Jersey Devils for 1 season . He won the Stanley Cup in 2007 while he was apart of the Anaheim Ducks .

The CEC said that they believed that Bishara and Balad wanted `` to destroy the Jewish character of the state and supported the armed struggle against it '' .

This ship infobox supports a very large number of fields , including some specialty fields that will rarely be used .

To promote nationwide literacy among 1st to 6th graders and encourage more reading during the summer , Barnes & Noble has started a summer challenge where if children read 8 books and write about their reading , Barnes & Noble will give the readers a free book .

On January 1 , 2007 Essen had a total population of 17,143 .

They shall guard thy fame and adore thy name ; Thou shalt be their Northern Star !

The event was turned into a play by Bonnie Greer which is to receive a production in London 's West End from November 2009 .

In addition , flooding from the overflowing of the River La Sabana , led to the evacuation of at least one hundred families from around the river by the Consejo Estatal de Proteccion Civil .

By increasing muscular strength and improving balance , weight training can reduce falls by elderly persons as well .

Weight training is a safe form of exercise when the movements are slow , controlled , and carefully defined .

An example of a more modest innovation is the evolution of a fourth cusp in the mammalian tooth .

It is the branch of theology relating to superhuman beings or spirits who are not gods .

Hsekiu , also Seka , was a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Nile Delta .

Jeffrey Scot Suppan -LRB- ; born January 2 , 1975 , in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma -RRB- , is a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers .

Goldthorpe is currently a foreman at a construction company in Canada , having held that position in San Diego for several years .

There are only two players that have won both the Norris and Hart Memorial Trophy for the same season : Bobby Orr , who won both trophies for the 1969 â `` 70 , 1970 â `` 71 and 1971 â `` 72 seasons , and Chris Pronger , who won the Hart and Norris for the 1999 â `` 2000 NHL season .

She is best remembered for organizing the American Red Cross .

Hal Jordan was an airplane test pilot .

He has published more than 90 academic papers in journals like The Electricity Journal and Energy Policy .

The Land Force Command -LRB- LFC -RRB- is the army of Canada and is often called the Canadian Army . It is part of the Canadian Forces .

He defeated McCain in the election on November 4 by a wide electoral majority of 365 to 173 , meaning that he won the most votes in enough states to send 365 people to officially elect him .

When he was at Yale , he wrote 300 songs , including football fight songs that are still played at Yale today .

The 2.0 i version supported double-byte character-set .

While a major upgrade of Internet Explorer can be uninstalled in a traditional way if the user has saved the original application files for installation , the matter of uninstalling the version of the browser that has shipped with an operating system remains a controversial one .

Internet Explorer also supports Integrated Windows Authentication .

Its Ruby character extension to HTML is also accepted as a module in W3C XHTML 1.1 , though it is not found in all versions of W3C HTML .

Hiroshi Saeki -LRB- born 26 May 1936 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

He has played for Japan national team .

Robert Renfroe `` Bob '' Riley -LRB- b. October 3 , 1944 -RRB- is the 52nd and current Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama .

The Mount Cayley volcanic field is named after Mount Cayley .

Human encroachment into or adjacent to natural areas where bush elephants occur has led to recent research into methods of safely driving groups of elephants away from humans , including the discovery that playback of the recorded sounds of angry honey bees are remarkably effective at prompting elephants to flee an area .

From Morris 's 1784 resignation until 1789 , the young union 's finances were overseen by a three-member Treasury Board .

The average income for a household in the village is $ 40,221 , and the average income for a family is $ 43,646 .

ChÃ cents teaurenard is a commune of 14,200 people -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .

Approaching Artemisium towards the end of summer , the Persian navy was caught in a gale off the coast of Magnesia and lost around a third of their ~ 1,200 ships .

The average summer high temperature is among the hottest of any populated area in the United States and approaches those of cities such as Riyadh and Baghdad .

Males had a median income of $ 37,027 versus $ 25,443 for females .

Brutus and Cassius were defeated by Antony and Octavian at the Battle of Philippi in October 42 BC .

before his third birthday .

In contrast to CQD , which was sent as three separate letters with spaces between each letter , the SOS distress call has always been transmitted as a continuous sequence of dits-and-dahs , and not as individual letters .

Jonny Kennedy -LRB- born 16 February 1990 -RRB- is an English rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership .

In addition , some color blind people find it easier to tell the difference between colors on artificial materials , such as plastic or in acrylic paints , than on natural materials , such as paper or wood .

The 32 rounds make Serpent more secure than Rijndael ; however , Rijndael with 10 rounds is faster and easier to implement for small Block ciphers and on embedded system .

Ammonium carbonate , also known as baker 's ammonia or sal volatile , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is -LRB- NH4 -RRB- 2CO3 .

At one point the line owned two trains of 1962 tube stock .

Instead , a shuttle service between Epping -LRB- to connect with trains to London -RRB- and Ongar was used . At one stage , it was possible to see the unusual sight of steam trains and London Underground electric multiple units side-by-side at Epping .

In Catholic folklore , Mary , the sister of Lazarus , is seen as the same as Mary Madgalene .

Sutrieu is a commune .

It showed the zodiac , the solar and lunar orbits , a crescent moon-shaped pointer traveling across a gateway that made some doors to open every hour , and five robotic musicians who play music when levers hit them .

Continental lithosphere is typically ~ 200 km thick , though this also varies considerably between basins , mountain ranges , and stable cratonic interiors of continents .

He has played for Japan national team .

Some copper -LRB- I -RRB- oxide is made .

He plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .

It is the third-largest subdivision of China spanning almost 300 million acres or 12 % of China 's land area .

The Leafs would defeat the Montreal Canadiens in the final 4 â `` 1 to win the 1951 Stanley Cup Final .

Lewicki was pressed into service on the orders of Conn Smythe , although he was not healed .

Saying that the other side in a conflict is not assuming good faith can be a form of not assuming good faith .

Because of its large size , the whole Texas shore was hit , and damage was seen as far away as Dallas .

All thirty-eight provinces of the Anglican Communion are independent , each with its own primate and governing structure .

The Anglican Communion is an association of all Anglican churches in full communion with the Church of England .

His final work topic was `` Representation of American Sign Language for Machine Translation . ''

`` Halls of Illusions ' '' is a 1995 midwest hip hop song by the American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse and is the first single from their fourth studio album The Great Milenko , which was released in 1997 .

George Grenville -LRB- 14 October 1712 â `` 13 November 1770 -RRB- was Prime Minister of Great Britain . He was a member of the Whig Party .

He current works for the World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- on its Raw , SmackDown and NXT brands as a play-by-play commentator .

In 1995 the club was renamed Angusht and finished second in their zone , securing promotion to the Second League .

It first started on the Fox network in the United States on November 15 , 1990 , and was the first episode to have the `` Flanders family '' prominently .

The 1954 Formula One season was the 5th edition of the championship .

Trois-Monts is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Along their banks , those wild , undisturbed rivers are lined with dense rainforests , sand dunes or mangroves .

Lance Hoyt -LRB- born February 28 , 1977 in Gause , Texas -RRB- is a American professional wrestler who is currently working for Florida Championship Wrestling under the ring name Vance Archer .

The Hutu or Abahutu are a Central African ethnic group . They live mainly in Rwanda and Burundi .

Karen von Blixen-Finecke -LRB- 17 April 1885 -- 7 September 1962 -RRB- , nÃ e Karen Christenze Dinesen , was a Danish author also known under her pen name Isak Dinesen .

Gallo is one of the two regional languages of Brittany .

In 1942 , Lager Norderney , containing Russian and Polish POWs , and Lager Sylt , holding Jews , were placed under the control of the SS HauptsturmfÃ 1\/4 hrer Max List .

The show was produced by Tim Heffer and Alan Hall of Falling Tree Productions , and was nominated for a Sony Radio Academy Award in 2006 .

His older brother , CÃ leste Ponticelli , had also joined the regiment .

Large portions of the processor circuitry were left idle at any one step ; for instance , the instruction decoding circuitry would be idle during execution and so on .

Due to the growing gap between CPU operating frequencies and DRAM access times , none of the techniques that enhance instruction-level parallelism -LRB- ILP -RRB- within one program could overcome the long stalls -LRB- delays -RRB- that occurred when data had to be fetched from main memory .

With transaction-based applications such as network routing and web-site serving greatly increasing in the last decade , the computer industry has re-emphasized capacity and throughput issues .

These courses were generated in a way that depended on the background music and players could load their own music to play along .

Soon the city became the fourth biggest town in the Kingdom of Poland .

In 1915 , SuwaÅ ki was in German control .

Amauri -LRB- born 3 June 1980 -RRB- is a Brazilian-Italian football player .

A song called Rowdy blues was thought to have Brown playing on rhythm guitar since he played another song -LRB- Future Blues -RRB- on the same album -LRB- Son House & The Great Delta Blues Singers -RRB- .

The Stuart complex was complete and ready to use on 20 December 1944 .

has become the second highest watched program on The CW .

This is the first time a major weekly WWE show airs internationally before it hits screens in the U.S.

The last SmackDown !

La FertÃ - Bernard is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .

It teaches students from grade 9 to grade 12 .

Lady Gaga was born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta in New York City on March 28 , 1986 , the oldest child of Joseph Germanotta , internet businessman , and Cynthia .

When she was a guest on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in May 2009 , she complimented DeGeneres for being `` an inspiration for women and for the gay community '' .

Dario Dabac -LRB- born 23 May 1978 -RRB- is a Croatian football player .

The fallen logs continue supporting a rich variety of life for centuries more on the forest floor .

Kijiji is currently available for more than 300 cities in Germany .

Kijiji offers similar services and is seen as a competitor to Craigslist with the biggest exception being that Kijiji has quite an extensive pets section .

It is a subsidiary of eBay launched in March 2005 .

In the sengoku period , Miso was important to preserved food . Kind of Miso , Kome miso is made from rice and beans .

Duracell is a brand of batteries produced by Procter and Gamble and were introduced in 1930 .

The Offspring is the debut album by the band of the same title .

Androids , also known as andys , all have a preset `` death '' date .

Lambiel placed 4th at the European Championships and he went to the Olympics .

Orlando Gibbons -LRB- born : Oxford , baptised 25 December 1583 ; died Canterbury , 5 June 1625 -RRB- was an English composer and organist .

The Template : Strlen_short gives the length of parameter 1 , as a text string , with a count of 0-50 text characters , using a simple , quick method .

The template was designed to use only 2 levels of expansion depth , rather than 9-13 or more levels as in other string-length templates .

Marta Colvin Andrade , -LRB- born June 22 , 1907 in ChillÃ n , Chile , died October 27 , 1995 in Santiago , Chile -RRB- was a sculptor .

It is the sequel to the original Xbox game , Fable .

Episode 6 : NakÃ m won their second challenge in a row , and both tribes would be going Tribal Council .

From these 48 , 16 were chosen to be in the game this season , which was filmed from June to August 2005 .

Cold Bay is a city in Alaska .

In 1081 he opened the conflict against Gregory in Italy .

Please do not add inappropriate external links to Wikipedia , as you did in -LRB- this edit -RRB- to : .

The 2006 Formula One season was the 57th edition of the championship .

In 2008 , however , a member , Kim Sunghee , left the group .

Kara debuted on March 29 , 2007 .

Also , tents are typically divided into clusters of 8-10 to prevent the rapid spread of fire , which is of utmost concern because of the tent and bedding materials .

The number seven is a natural number that comes after six and before eight .

The next step in the anti-tobacco campaign came in July 1943 , when public smoking for persons under the age of 18 was outlawed .

Fashion illustrations displaying women with cigarettes were often published in prominent publications such as the Beyers Mode fÃ 1\/4 r Alle -LRB- Beyers Fashion For All -RRB- .

Out of these magazines , Reine Luft was the main journal of the Nazi anti-tobacco movement .

He said that the first tobacco on German soil was brought by the Jews and that they controlled the tobacco industry in Amsterdam , the principal European entry point of Nicotiana .

Most commonly , the wheel is mounted vertically on a horizontal axle , but the tub or Norse wheel is mounted horizontally on a vertical shaft .

Adriana Lima -LRB- born June 12 , 1981 -RRB- is a Brazilian supermodel .

In 1976 he received an honorary doctorate in Christian Philosophy from the Catholic University of Lublin -LRB- KUL -RRB- .

Prudius has also worked as a stage and screen actor , having a small part in Spike Lee 's 25th Hour .

He called it the Supreme House of Justice . His son , ` Abdu ` l-Bah Ã called it the Universal House of Justice , because it was going to lead all of the BahÃ ' Ã s. There will be other `` Houses of Justice '' for each country and city , but for now these are called `` Spiritual Assemblies . ''

The film was directed by Catherine Hardwicke and stars celebrities such as Robert Pattinson , Kristen Stewart , Ashley Greene and even Stephenie Meyer does a small cameo appearance in the film .

Du PrÃ died in 1987 .

White Light\/White Heat is the second studio album by the American rock band The Velvet Underground .

Saint-Martin-de-Mieux is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

It grew out of the John Reed Club as an alternative to New Masses , the publication of the American Communist Party , but became anti-Communist after Stalin .

Dolomite is the name of a sedimentary carbonate rock and a mineral , both composed of calcium magnesium carbonate CaMg -LRB- CO3 -RRB- 2 found in crystals .

However , its impacts are not well understood and are likely to vary , depending on the location .

During this time , the virus will not produce any copies , it will remain inactive until external stimuli -LRB- such as light or stress -RRB- prompts it into activation , or the redtart of the life cycle .

St. Catharines is the biggest city in the Niagara Region of Canada .

He ended up hiring Micheline Bernardini , a nude dancer from the Casino de Paris .

RÃ ard named his swimsuit the `` bikini '' , taking the name from the Bikini Atoll , one of a series of islands in the South Pacific where testing on the new atomic bomb was occurring that summer .

The storm restrengthened as it moved north becoming a hurricane just before making landfall on southern Louisiana on July 5 .

Cindy was responsible for a total of 3 deaths in the United States and ` for bringing heavy rains to Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Maryland .

SummerSlam -LRB- 2009 -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on August 23 , 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles , California .

Jurchen-Manchu -LRB- Jurchen and Manchu are simply different stages of the same language -RRB- .

Pompey , who wanted to starve Caesar 's soldiers , had his hand forced by his allies .

Andreas Brehme -LRB- born 9 November 1960 -RRB- is a former German football player .

Although he was not involved in the bombing of the Moscow Communist headquarters , he was , because of his association with the Underground Anarchists , a likely candidate for a frame-up .

His strategy for this was to forge an economic alliance with the United States .

During the last immunity challenge , Sandra fell out early , so Jon to try to convince Lil to take him to the final two .

Please think carefully before changing it , and make sure you explain your change in your edit summary .

Groton -LRB- city -RRB- is a city of Connecticut in the United States .

Nihilism is the belief that values are falsely invented . The term nihilism can also be used to describe the idea that life , or the world , has no distinct meaning or purpose .

Quentin Alice Louise Bryce -LRB- born 23 December 1942 -RRB- , AC , is the current Governor-General of Australia .

The ESF has also begun to exploit the power of Innovators through Descartes Shaman .

In the United Kingdom , Gundam 00 has been nominated for the 2009 NEO Award for Best Anime .

Subsequently , it is revealed that Aeolia Schenberg 's plan is to ensure humanity 's survival ; unite the world 's factions through Celestial Being 's armed interventions and then advance humanity into deep space and undergo Innovation , a trans-human process .

Litters are normally 2 to 3 pups , but females may have up to 6 pups in a single litter .

The cathedral has the tallest church spire in the United Kingdom -LRB- 123m\/404 ft -RRB- .

It is now spoken very little , and is in danger of becoming extinct .

The Lord Mayor of London is also the chancellor of the City University of London .

Brunswick County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .

Such systems almost always use symmetric key cryptographic algorithms .

When Edison was 7 , he moved with his family to Port Huron , Michigan .

Following Zuma 's accession to the ANC leadership in 2007 and Mbeki 's resignation as president in 2008 , the Mbeki faction of former ministers led by Mosiuoa Lekota split away from the ANC to form the Congress of the People .

The Kalapuya had named the area Takenah .

But for loanwords ending orthographically in a consonant but phonetically in a vowel , the apostrophe is used instead : e.g. show ` n for the genitive case of the English loan `` show '' .

The Crusierweight Champion , Chavo Guerrero was the final entrant and pinned Mysterio to win with the assistance of his father Chavo Guerrero , Sr. , thus keeping the WWE Cruiserweight Championship .

It was also a Quill Award nominee .

Its plot is fast-paced and encompasses humor as well as themes such as love and loyalty .

Moenjodaro is found 7 km away in East-South of the Dokri town .

In 744 , his daughter Bertrada of Laon -LRB- by Bertrada of Cologne -RRB- married Pepin the Short , mayor of the palace of Neustria and Burgundy and later king of the Franks .

The Tempietto of San Pietro in Montorio is a small commemorative martyrium built by Donato Bramante , possibly as early as 1502 , in the courtyard of San Pietro in Montorio .

Electronic money is a digital equivalent of cash , stored on an electronic device or remotely at a server .

General relativity provides of a set of ten nonlinear partial differential equations for the spacetime metric -LRB- Einstein 's field equations -RRB- that must be solved from the distribution of mass-energy and momentum throughout the universe .

In the twentieth century , Fleetwood was a major deep-sea fishing port , but , since the 1970s , the fishing industry has declined .

The fields and other holdings belonging to Nephthys 's temple were under the authority of two Nephthys-prophets -LRB- named Penpmer and Merybarse -RRB- and one -LRB- mentioned -RRB- wa ` ab priest of the goddess .

Germany has already held the Eurovision Song Contest .

Like Uranus , the source of this heating is unknown , but the differences are larger : Neptune is the farthest planet from the Sun , yet its internal energy is strong enough to create the fastest winds seen in the Solar System .

Neptune 's closest four moons , Naiad , Thalassa , Despina , and Galatea , orbit close enough to be inside Neptune 's rings .

McEver also holds the record for career scoring at Tennessee among non-kickers .

After Pascal 's death , Valerie married the famous publisher and philanthropist George T. Delacorte Jr. and spent the rest of her life supporting charitable foundations under the name Valerie Delacorte .

After the success of `` Pygmalion '' , which was shortened in its transition from stage to screen , as plays generally are , he increasingly refused to let his plays be cut .

It is frequently used in desserts , juices and sweets .

This setup of turbos is normally called a parallel twin-turbo system .

This is a list of members of the ice hockey Hockey Hall of Fame .

Modern control engineering is closely related to electrical , electronic and computer engineering , as electronic circuits can often be easily explained using control theory techniques .

Beychac-et-Caillau is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .

The first school opened in 1850 and a Police station in 1852 .

Bertrand du Guesclin -LRB- c. 1320 â `` 13 July 1380 -RRB- , was a French knight from Brittany who fought in the Hundred Years ' War .

`` Because We Want To '' is a pop song performed by British singer Billie .

Zheng Jing fought the Qing to defend Xiamen , Quemoy and the Pescadores islands , which he finally lost over the years . His small army army was not big enough to defend the islands from the Qing .

For the next 19 years , Zheng Jing tried to run the country and rebuild his army in Taiwan .

If the force and the displacement are in opposite directions the work is negative .

The Herald Sun shares many articles with other News Corporation daily newspapers , especially those from Australia .

The 1983 trains proved to be unreliable in service , with their single doors making passenger loading and unloading slower than on other trains with wider doors .

Nitric Acid -LRB- HNO3 -RRB- is a very corrosive and toxic strong acid that can cause severe burns . It is also known as aqua fortis .

It is a fast paced song with a slower , chant-along bridge , running at two minutes and fifty seconds .

Pong is a video game made by Atari .

Areas historically part of Warwickshire include Coventry , Solihull , and most of Birmingham .

Dassu , also spelt Dusso , is a town in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .

A formal presentation is held later , usually on the university campus of the winner .

Defense Housing Authority is filling the beach area with sand to obtain more ground and this will push the beach farther , which will change the shape and features of this beach .

Caan escaped via another temporal shift .

They emerged , along with a Time Lord prison containing millions of Daleks , at Canary Wharf due to the actions of the Torchwood Institute and Cybermen from a parallel world , leading to a Cyberman-Dalek clash in London .

Tropical Storm Fay also reached land here in 2008 .

The symbols were adopted at various stages in the existence of Pakistan and there are various rules and regulations governing their definition or use .

In past days , very large teams of fourteen to twenty oxen were used for heavy work such as logging .

Northwestern Oklahoma is the geographical region of the state of Oklahoma which includes the Oklahoma Panhandle , stretching to an eastern extent along Interstate 35 , and its southern extent along the Canadian River to Noble County .

Chobits is a Japanese manga and anime series created by CLAMP .

Daniel is known as a goal-scorer , while Henrik is known as a playmaker .

The school won 9 of these games , including six in a row from 1951 to 1956 . His team had a 31-game winning streak from 1951 to 1953 .

Dodd was quarterback for the University of Tennessee football team from 1928 to 1930 . He played for its coach , Robert Neyland .

Frederick was the leader of an important group of Protestant princes , called the Evangelical Union .

About a year into her travels with Xena , her scrolls about Xena 's exploits begin to gain popularity , apparently helping , according to Ares , turn Xena into a legend .

Mitsunori Fujiguchi -LRB- born 17 August 1949 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

More than 6,400 species of harvestmen have been discovered , although the real number of extant species may exceed 10,000 .

Rayleigh scattering is the way that light scatters when it hits a very small object . The theory is good if the wavelength of light is much bigger than the object .

The movie ends with Akima and Cale standing on their new world . Akima wants to name the planet `` New Earth , '' while Cale wants to name it `` Bob . ''

All of the African Great Lakes were formed as the result of the rift , and most lie within its rift valley .

Le Mesnil-Patry is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

He is an internationally known author and speaker on consciousness .

With Parker 's quintet , Davis recorded several times .

These sports include cricket , rugby , and the Australian Football League .

PDF is an open standard that was officially published on July 1 , 2008 by the ISO .

South Africa has a mostly temperate climate . Because of being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides , where its found in the climatically milder southern hemisphere and due to the average elevation growing towards the north -LRB- towards the equator -RRB- and further inland .

India is the world 's largest producer of licit opium .

Zaventem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .

New Zealand and its surrounding islands are a distinctive sub-region of the Australasian ecozone .

After the success of the 5-time Allan Cup champion Thunder Bay Twins , the Colonial Hockey League took interest in expanding to the Northwestern Ontario city .

The `` Angels '' name is from the city that they came from : Los Angeles . They were previously known as the California Angels and the Anaheim Angels .

The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are a Major League Baseball team based in Anaheim , California .

She also said that the war is very talked about `` in uninformed and unimaginative ways , '' and that the war is as important to the people today as it was in her book .

Prince Leonard is married to Her Royal Highness Princess Shirley of Hutt , Dame of the Rose of Sharon -LRB- nÃ e Shirley Butler -RRB- . They have seven adult children , among them is Crown Prince Ian -LRB- born 1947 -RRB- who is the Prime Minister of the Principality , and is Prince Leonard 's heir apparent .

Very few people live in Hutt River , but the principality claims a world-wide citizenry of 13,000 .

Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors . These critics consider KÅ rei 's great-grandson -LRB- Emperor Sujin -RRB- to be the earliest to have actually existed .

Skilling was ultimatly convicted of multiple federal felony charges that related to Enron 's financial collapse , and he is currently serving a 24-year , four-month prison sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution in Englewood , Colorado .

Alexander Palmer Haley -LRB- August 11 , 1921 â `` February 10 , 1992 -RRB- was an African-American writer .

Dianthus is a genus of about 300 species of flowering plants in the family Caryophyllaceae , found mainly in Europe and Asia , with a few species found south to north Africa , and one species -LRB- D. repens -RRB- in Arctic North America .

Sonic Firestorm is the second studio album by English power metal band DragonForce released through on May 11 , 2004 .

It quickly became one of the most popular locations in the city . Visitors came from all over .

The M11 motorway in England is a major road running almost north from the North Circular Road -LRB- A406 -RRB- in South Woodford in north-east London to the A14 , north-west of Cambridge .

Point Hicks , once called Cape Everard , is a coastal headland on the east coast of Victoria , Australia . It is now a part of the Croajingolong National Park .

Jonathan Toews was the cover athlete for the North American version of NHL 11 making it the first time players from the same team were cover athletes in consecutive years -LRB- Patrick Kane was on the cover of NHL 10 -RRB- .

The Iapetus Ocean was positioned between continental masses that would at a much later time roughly form the opposite shores of the Atlantic Ocean . It was a kind of precursor of the Atlantic .

Her first movie work was a small role in the 1994 movie Camp Nowhere .

But I have too much anxiety '' .

It was directed by Dennis Dugan , and stars Adam Sandler .

The Parbatya Chattagram Jana Sanghati Samiti -LRB- Bengali : à à 3\/4 à à à à à à à à à à à -- à à à 3\/4 à à à à à à à à à à à à à Parbotto ChÃ á á ogram JÃ noshÃ nghoti Shomiti , or PCJSS , -RRB- is a political party formed to represent the people and indigenous tribes of the Chittagong Hill Tracts in Bangladesh .

Norrington started his career singing tenor . In 1962 he formed the SchÃ 1\/4 tz Choir -LRB- later the SchÃ 1\/4 tz Choir of London -RRB- .

It starts at US 9 in Poughkeepsie and follows the Hudson River as it goes north . It crosses Route 9 just north of Rhinebeck and ends in Hudson .

In addition to the embedded operating system , many embedded systems have additional upper-layer software components .

Sayre is a city of Oklahoma in the United States . It is the county seat of Beckham County

Who , like Thyself , my guide and stay can be ?

Thick smoke and dust filled the room from the shooting , so the gunmen left the room for a few minutes .

In 1994 , a tissue sample from Andersen in a hospital was used for DNA tests with the blood of Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh . Prince Philip was a grandnephew of Empress Alexandra .

The depression moved onto land at St. Catherines Island , Georgia , and it quickly weakened .

Laurence Mancuso -LRB- born June 30 , 1934 - died June 10 , 2007 -RRB- was the founding abbot of the New Skete Eastern Orthodox monastic community in upstate New York .

It is similar to and but assumes negative exponents .

Westerfield is a small village near Ipswich in Suffolk . It is located approximately two miles north of the center of Iswich .

GherceÅ ti is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .

Compacted oxide layer glaze describes the often shiny , wear-protective layer of oxide formed when two metals -LRB- or a metal and ceramic -RRB- are slid against each other at high temperature in an oxygen-containing atmosphere .

A not often used definition of ` glaze ' is the highly sintered compacted oxide layer formed due to the sliding of either two metallic surfaces -LRB- or sometimes a metal surface and ceramic surface -RRB- at very high temperatures -LRB- normally several hundred degrees Celsius -RRB- in oxidizing conditions .

Baia is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .

Pietro Umberto Acciarito -LRB- 1871 - 1943 -RRB- was an Italian anarchist .

The worst affected areas of Ipswich were the suburbs of Goodna and Gailes .

It is the world 's third largest lake , and the world 's largest freshwater lake -LRB- by area -RRB- .

It restrengthened slightly before making its first landfall near BahÃ a Tortugas , Baja California Sur .

At landfall , a trough was accelerating Nora northwards , causing it to reach a forward speed of 30 mph -LRB- 50 km\/h -RRB- .

He currently hosts The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson which airs on CBS .

This movie ranked number 16 on Entertainment Weekly 's list of the 50 Best High School Movies .

linux was made .

When they did , however , they were betrayed by Dume , the Turaga of the city .

Upon his defeat , Makuta released the ancient Bohrok .

The village was threatened by ancient warlords known as Barraki that had been mutated by the nearby mutagenic waters called `` The Pit '' .

It weakened back to a tropical storm and down to a tropical depression .

He was baptized when he was born .

In 1906 , a shoemaker called Wilhelm Voigt pretended to be a Prussian officer and took over the town hall of KÃ penick .

Elverta is located at -LRB- 38.723216 , -121.45452 -RRB-

With the help of the Protestant theologian Friedrich Ludwig Weidig he published the leaflet Der Hessische Landbote , a revolutionary text that criticized social problems in the Grand Duchy of Hesse .

In October 1836 he got a job at the University of ZÃ 1\/4 rich as a lecturer in anatomy and went back to ZÃ 1\/4 rich where he spent his final months writing and teaching until he died of typhus at the age of twenty-three .

In 1828 he became interested in politics and joined a group which later on probably became the GieÃ en and Darmstadt section of the `` Gesellschaft fÃ 1\/4 r Menschenrechte '' -LRB- Society for Human Rights -RRB- .

Castorimorpha is the suborder of rodents containing the beavers , the pocket gophers , and the kangaroo rats .

When the two go out , the Countess returns and hides .

For single-note melodies , the stems usually point down for notes on the middle line or higher , and up for those below .

Prairie dogs use different calls to identify specific predators .

Following their advice , Messing attended Brandeis University in Waltham , Massachusetts .

A superscalar processor executes more than one instruction during a clock cycle by simultaneously dispatching multiple instructions -LRB- termed instruction dispatching -RRB- to multiple redundant functional units built inside the processor .

546 BC -RRB- , was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher from Miletus in Asia Minor , and one of the Seven Sages of Greece .

The word pwn may have begun as a typo of `` own '' because the p and o keys are close to each other on a standard English keyboard .

Tunnels under the River Thames , mainly in and around London .

Monceaux-en-Bessin is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

It comes from the Greek letter rho and stands for the Roman letter R.

Momence is a city of Illinois in the United States .

Particularly after his fastball slowed , Young 's success relied upon his great control .

That same year , baseball fans named Young to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team .

In 1901 , Young left St. Louis and joined the American League 's Boston Americans for a $ 3,500 contract .

The Flaming Gorge Dam is a concrete-arch dam on the Green River in Utah , in the United States .

Country blues -LRB- also folk blues , rural blues , backwoods blues , or downhome blues -RRB- is all the acoustic , guitar forms of the blues .

The Duchy had been ruled between 1731 and 1736 by his elder brother Charles I , but exchanged with Austria for The Two Sicilies after the War of Polish Succession .

All field names used must be in lowercase .

They were married shortly thereafter .

He joined the Peucinian Society , a group of students with Federalist leanings .

According 1996 estimates , it has a population of 44,668 .

Its county seat is Sayre .

Young was promoted to Inspector -LRB- equivalent to Lieutenant in US police forces -RRB- in June 1937 and appointed to Portsmouth 's Southern Division .

He wanted to follow Sir Robert Peel 's intention that the police be `` filled from the bottom up '' .

ChemazÃ is a commune of 1019 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .

Charges of the same the poles -LRB- negative to negative or positive with positive -RRB- are repelled and charges of the opposite polarity are attracted .

Rafael BenÃ tez -LRB- born 16 April 1960 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .

He took a job as an assistant athletic director with the government 's National Youth Administration -LRB- NYA -RRB- in Atascadero , California .

He hit .256 and stole only 12 bases .

In 2002 , Molefi Kete Asante included Robinson on his list of 100 Greatest African Americans .

A child is buried near the door of its mothers hut .

Girls are betrothed at six or seven , and the husband-elect continually makes small presents to his father-in-law-elect till the bride reaches womanhood .

There are no medicine-men : the women are the doctors .

The Ja-Luo women use small beads attached to pieces of brass for ear ornaments .

According to the Philippines ' Commission on Higher Education -LRB- CHED -RRB- , it is a model university for all public institutions across the country , one of the centers of excellence in the City of Manila , and the fifth among all universities nationwide based on the number of examinees passing the Professional Regulation Commission -LRB- PRC -RRB- test .

Both the highest and lowest temperature records for the state were set in the Interior , with 100 Â F -LRB- 38 Â C -RRB- in Fort Yukon and â 80 Â F -LRB- â 64 Â C -RRB- in Prospect Creek .

If the weather is cold and wet and there is not much food , it saves energy by going into torpor -LRB- a temporary hibernation -RRB- . It curls up into a ball and goes to sleep .

Buildings designed by English architect Charles Holden .

Navy blue or navy is a dark shade of the color blue .

He returned to play briefly with the Detroit Red Wings when World War II left a vacuum of players in the NHL .

Jarno Trulli -LRB- born July 13 , 1974 in Pescara , Abruzzo -RRB- is an Italian Formula One auto racing driver .

Kwon Yuri -LRB- born December 5 , 1989 -RRB- also known by her stage name Yuri , is a South Korean singer-songwriter , actress , model , and dancer .

The partition , with the power transferred officially to Pakistan and India on August 14 â `` 15 , 1947 , was done according to what has come to be known as the 3 June Plan or Mountbatten Plan .

Following a Hurricanrana by Mysterio on Guerrero , Mysterio pinned Guerrero to win .

LÃ chelle , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Courtrizy-et-Fussigny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .

This group was created on 22 January 2004 .

In 1916 , Ohio State was the first university in Ohio to be in the Association of American Universities . Ohio State is still the only Ohio public university in the association .

The series was made by Peter Firmin and Oliver Postgate through their company Smallfilms .

The Institution publishes a monthly journal , The Structural Engineer .

In 1838 Sarah wrote a paper called Letters on the Equality of the Sexes and the Condition of Women . It answered many questions which were asked in a letter by a group of ministers who did not like the sisters because they had stepped out of their `` woman 's proper sphere '' .

In 1988 , the Dallas GP became a round of the American Trans-Am Series .

He dropped out of school in the ninth grade .

Martin was hurt by McCartney 's actions , but he produced the song and conducted the string section .

Some radio stations in cities , like KJLH , KMEL , KDAY , and WVEE , will play gospel and Christian R&B \/ hip-hop music on Sundays .

When it is dilute , it tastes sweet ; when it is a little concentrated , it tastes bitter ; when it is very concentrated , it tastes salty . This taste is because of the potassium ion .

The spermatic cord is tightened by the cremasteric muscle .

Henry Prize Stories collection .

There is one god , called Ahura Mazda in their beliefs , the one Uncreated Creator .

It can also be made by reacting potassium chloride with ammonium nitrate .

Internet Relay Chat -LRB- IRC -RRB- is a chat system on the Internet .

The list is the same as the 2000 season 's list except for Kirk , which replaced Keith .

Professional page-turners are usually freelance casual workers .

Page-turners are sometimes friends of the performer or members of the accompanying orchestra helping the musician .

Fabio Capello -LRB- born 18 June 1946 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .

The official government site of the state of ParaÃ ba says that the red is for the blood of the assassination of JoÃ # o Pessoa . The black is for the mourning after the assassination .

Damavand County -LRB- Persian : Ø Ù Ø Ù Ù Ø -RRB- is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran .

Many football fans in Wimbledon did not agree with the move . They decided to start a new club there , which is called AFC Wimbledon .

Crito , a friend of Socrates , illegally paid the prison guards to allow Socrates to escape . Socrates , however , decided not to escape .

He played for the Chicago Black Hawks , Oakland Seals , Cleveland Barons , and St. Louis Blues .

In 1987 , US aid developed a small road which would join Jhal Jhao with the Bela Awaran Road . Before that , the only way to enter Jhal Jhao was by helicopter , or animals such as horses and donkeys .

From time to time , individuals joined the Order by special permission .

Only 12 knights were allowed , and he appointed eight before the King was deposed in 1688 .

The mayor of Houston is Annise Parker .

Livingstone moved to make all bus journeys free for passengers under the age of 18 enrolled in full-time education who travel with an Oyster card and introduced initiatives to enable visitors to buy an Oyster card before arriving in London .

On 7 December 2006 , at a City Hall reception marking the launch of the London Jewish Forum , Livingstone apologised for any offence that he had caused the Jewish community .

Liberal Democrat Leader Dee Doocey stated that the payments were â completely inexcusableâ and added that â It seems like there 's one law for the ordinary working person and one law for the political class .

Freeson was able to retain his seat at the 1983 general election , but was deselected in 1985 after a bitter struggle , described as `` political ` murder ' '' in his Guardian obituary , and replaced as Labor candidate in Brent East by Livingstone .

He dies while speaking the name of BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde .

2.0 L production-based engines were allowed . Cosworth BDs and BMW four-cylinder engines dominated the early years .

The river Indus passes from north to south on western side of the district and touches D.G. Khan .

Her father was in the public service , so her family often moved .

All the land in England higher than three thousand feet above sea level lies within the Park .

Buchs is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

Adits are usually built into the side of a hill or mountain , and often occur when coal or ore is located inside the mountain but above the local valley floor or coastal plain .

The lower places and bigger towns of the Alps are well served by motorways and main roads , but higher passes and by-roads can be bad even in the summer .

In 2004 , the University of Washington 's Information School completed fundraising for a Beverly Cleary Endowed Chair for Children and Youth Services to remember her work and commitment to librarianship .

The edible dormouse or fat dormouse -LRB- Glis glis -RRB- is a small dormouse and the only species in the genus Glis .

Befitting its heritage , Silicon Valley is home to the high-tech superstore chain Fry 's Electronics .

In 1994 , she received the Right Livelihood Award -LRB- also known as the Alternative Nobel Prize -RRB- , '' ... For her commitment to justice , non-violence and understanding of minorities as well as her love and caring for nature . ''

Maula Jatt -LRB- Punjabi : Ù

Branchiopoda is a class of crustaceans .

Maia Chiburdanidze -LRB- born 17 January 1961 -RRB- is a Georgian chess grandmaster , and the seventh Women 's World Chess Champion .

Heungseon Daewongun or Daewon King of Heungseon -LRB- Hangul : í ì ë ì ê , Hanja : è å # å é cents å , December 21 1820 - February 22 1898 -RRB- was Choesens Poliltiker . regent of Joseon -LRB- 1863 - 1874 -RRB- was King Gojongs .

Goebel is also the first skater in history to perform three quadruple jumps in one program .

Timothy Goebel is a figure skater from the United States . He is Catholic and was adopted as an infant .

The cheese is named after the city of Gouda , which is famous for it .

The arena was built in 1949 and has an ice surface of 200 feet by 100 feet , which is what the Olympics use .

Nobuki Hara -LRB- born 6 September 1979 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

Evelina goes with Mme Duval back to London .

He has played for Brazil national team .

In this mode players can pick up weapons such as poles and gatling guns .

Avant-l Ã s-Ramerupt is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .

Hokuto Nakamura -LRB- born 10 July 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Tokyo .

When using the location_map , lat and long parameters , you can easily replace the map with another that has a closer or looser perspective .

Ferit Orhan Pamuk -LRB- born June 7 , 1952 -RRB- a famous Nobel Prize-winning Turkish author .

I am also a tenured professor of theology ; feel free to have a look at my Wikipedia userpage -LRB- linked below -RRB- to gain an idea of my background and credentials . ''

He also worked with the Komische Oper of East Berlin .

For local government , most of Argyll is in the Argyll and Bute council area .

A key feature of RC5 is the use of data-dependent rotations ; one of the goals of RC5 was to study and evaluate operations of block ciphers as a cryptographic primitive .

Laniscourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .

Heredity is the passing of traits -LRB- characteristics -RRB- from parents to offspring .

As well as Wakefield there are five other big towns - Normanton , Pontefract , Featherstone , Castleford and Knottingley - and some smaller towns in the City area .

A floppy drive is the part of the computer that reads from and writes to the floppy disk .

Highbury & Islington station is a National Rail , London Overground and London Underground station , in the London Borough of Islington in North London .

On May 18 , a second earthquake of magnitude 5.1 made a huge part of the north face of the volcano collapse .

Orchard Grass Hills is a city of Oldham County in the state of Kentucky , United States .

In 2001 â `` 2002 , 52 % of the Murray and Murrumbidgee water was taken , with 77 % of that water used for irrigation .

The ducks come onto the screen one or two at a time , and the player is given three shots to shoot them down .

Naturalised German-born Jacques Mieses was awarded the GM title in 1950 ; and Jonathan Penrose was awarded the title retrospectively .

They find out that Mr. Tumnus has already been taken by the Witch 's secret police , and meet Mr. and Mrs. Beaver , who tell them about Aslan .

Rudd is a city of Iowa in the United States .

This makes potassium manganate . Normally the potassium manganate is converted to potassium permanganate .

Those whose grave sites these were placed at usually died at a very young age or in a violent manner , and the tablet was supposed to help lay their souls to rest in spite of their untimely deaths .

A curse tablet or binding spell -LRB- defixio in Latin , Î Î Ï Î Î Î Ï Î 1\/4 Î Ï katadesmos in Greek -RRB- is a type of curse .

Similar tracing techniques have allowed obsidian to be identified in Greece also as coming from different islands in the Aegean Sea .

With the arrival of TOPS they were renumbered to Class 46 .

Aleksandr Mostovoi -LRB- born 22 August 1968 -RRB- is a former Russian football player .

Wisniewski also played for the Chicago Blackhawks for 4 seasons , the Anaheim Ducks for 2 seasons and the New York Islanders for 1 season before being traded to the Montreal Canadiens on December 28 , 2010 for a second-round pick in the 2011 draft and conditional 5th round pick in the 2012 draft .

At the end of the year , he entered the Formula BMW World Final Fortec Motorsport . He finished in fifth position , fourteen seconds behind the winner .

In some scores , the A minor key signature in the bass clef is written with the flat for the F on the second line from the top .

A national language is a language which is the national identity of a nation .

The most powerful and affordable tools of earthquake engineering are vibration control technologies and , in particular , base isolation .

There are also potato pancakes , called raggmunk . These contain shredded raw potato and , sometimes , other vegetables .

The Districts of Pakistan are the third level of government in Pakistan and are subdivisions of the provinces of Pakistan .

Marin Marais married a Parisian , Catherine d'Amicourt , on September 21 , 1676 .

Rhythmic gymnastics is a sport that combines elements of ballet , gymnastics , dance , and apparatus manipulation .

Pietro Perugino -LRB- 1446 â `` 1524 -RRB- was a leading Italian painter of the Umbrian school . He developed some of the qualities that found classic expression in the High Renaissance .

The shelf usually ends at a point of decreasing slope -LRB- called the shelf break -RRB- .

It also holds the record of having the tallest free standing floodlights in Scottish football , standing at 85 feet .

The first land for houses in the town were sold in 1840 .

Viewers can see Fielding at many possible haunted locations around Britain , in the hopes for paranormal activity that could be caught on film .

Mountains cover about 80 % of the oblast 's area , and cross from North-East to South-East .

Voldemort 's second Killing Curse also fails because Voldemort used Harry 's blood in his resurrection . Voldemort 's soul shard within Harry was destroyed because Harry willingly faced death .

In addition , wizard rock bands like Harry and the Potters and others regularly dress up in the style of Harry Potter , sporting painted forehead scars , black wigs and round bottle top glasses .

Fusarium wilt is a soilbourne fungal disease that will quickly kill younger basil plants .

Hayy ibn Yaqdhan an Islamic philosophical tale -LRB- or thought experiment -RRB- by Ibn Tufail from twelfth-century Andalusia , straddles the divide between the religious and the secular .

His bold tests with coloring led directly to the Synthetist style of modern art , and the meaning of the subjects in his paintings helped create Primitivism and the return to the pastoral .

In the spring of 632 , a grandson of Khosrau I , Yazdegerd III who had lived in hiding , ascended the throne .

The Sassanid Empire , which succeeded the Parthian Empire , was recognized as one of the two main powers in Western Asia , alongside the Roman Empire and later the Byzantine Empire , for more than 400 years .

Also according to al-Din Genghis 's Borjigid clan , had a legend involving their origins : it began as the result of an affair between Alan-ko and a stranger to her land , a glittering man who happened to have red hair and bluish-green eyes .

Iran national football team is the national football team of Iran .

Back in Harlem in 1925 , Basie got his first regular job at Leroyâ s , a place known for its piano players , where lots of celebrities went .

Her nicknames are Steel Butterfly or Iron Butterfly .

Youssef Rzouga is a Tunisian poet , born on March 21 1957 in Mahdia , Tunisia .

2000 : National merit award in the cultural field 2002 : Youssef Rzouga Award of Poetry -LRB- A yearly Poetic Prize started in 2002 , awarded to the best young poet within the framework of Â `` The Meeting of Greater on literary creation Â '' -RRB- .

First text published : Â `` Something called need Â '' , a short story in the magazine Â `` Radio et TÃ lÃ vision Â '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- .

Early on the morning of February 21 , 1974 , Horton was driving on the Queen Elizabeth Way from Toronto to his home in Buffalo after the Buffalo Sabres had played in Toronto the night before , in his sports car .

Mangu and Sancocho are two dishes for which the plantain is very important .

It is southeast of Los Angeles , and is on the right side of the Los Angeles River .

Some people say he is as famous as Shigeru Miyamoto . Suzuki made games like Hang-On and Virtua Fighter and Shenmue .

Ashley Tisdale -LRB- born July 2 , 1985 -RRB- is an American actress and singer .

Bedford is a city of Kentucky in the United States .

The host controller polls the bus for traffic , usually in a round-robin fashion , so no USB device can transfer any data on the bus without an explicit request from the host controller .

The Deccan Traps of central India , the Siberian Traps , and the Columbia River Plateau of western North America are three regions covered by prehistoric flood basalts .

The priority for Â `` ArabinformÂ '' is to monitor the socio-political and socio-economic situation of the Arab countries and the region as a whole .

The most successful single is `` Candle in the Wind 1997 '' by Elton John .

Before humans began to develop the Central Valley in the 1850s , the San Joaquin River and its surrounding lands were one of the richest biological habitats in California . In winter , the river would flood the valley , leaving behind wetlands .

Examples of animal fats are butter , cream and lard .

In 1838 he played many games with Captain Evans , the inventor of the Evans Gambit , and also lost a match against the German chess writer Aaron Alexandre .

These use electrical switching devices -LRB- thyristors and transistors -RRB- and have electronic power control .

This included the DC -LRB- third\/fourth rail -RRB- lines in North London , Merseyside and Greater Manchester .

Kingdom Hearts Re : Chain of Memories is a reissue of the game made for the PlayStation 2 .

The club was founded in 1898 as First Workers ' Football Club of Vienna but was renamed in S -LRB- port -RRB- K -LRB- lub -RRB- Rapid Wien on 8 January 1899 .

In October 2008 , Leathermouth signed to Epitaph Records , rather than to Frank Iero 's label as originally planned .

Leyment is a commune .

At a higher elevation is the Bucegi Plateau , where wind and rain have turned the rocks into brilliant figures such as the Sphinx and Babele .

They are different from lithium batteries though .

The company used to make scuba diving rebreathers -LRB- a special type of underwater breathing machine -RRB- .

Currently , this constituency contains the areas of South Shields in South Tyneside in Tyne and wear .

Changes to the boundary that are to be in place for the next election will bring Whitburn into the constituency from neighbouring Jarrow .

It has the chemical symbol Se . It has the atomic number 34 .

The history of such attempts is described in Rice and Hostert -LRB- 1993 -RRB- .

It was brought back to Argentina and buried with her husband after he died in 1974 . It was brought back by the President , a woman named Isabel PerÃ n , who was married to Juan PerÃ n years after Eva 's death .

These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of `` Goodies '' .

Samson is a city in Geneva County , Alabama , United States .

He established and conducted the monastery choir till 1896 when he went to Berlin , to the Kaiser Friedrich Wilhelm University . Here he studied music at the private conservatory of Prof. Richard Schmidt .

Several mid-size European cities and many smaller towns around the world have converted their entire bus networks to zero-fare .

Nowadays , roads often have a designated footpath attached especially for pedestrian traffic , called the sidewalk in American English and the pavement in British English .

The assault rifle , a development combining features of the rifle and submachine gun , became the main weapon for most armies after the war .

Thomas Heatherwick was awarded an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Arts by Manchester Metropolitan University - his alma mater - on July 21 , 2007 . It is in recognition of his design work across a broad spectrum of architecture , engineering and public art , achieving national and international acclaim for his innovative use of materials , his eclectic range of projects , and the resolution of them in new and exciting ways .

The sixth season extensively details the Democratic and Republican primaries .

The first season proper saw the return of all of the pilot production team along with the addition of Ron Osborn and Jeff Reno as consulting producers and Rick Cleveland as a second co-producer with Robert W. Glass as an associate producer .

Galileo called his discovery the Cosmica Sidera -LRB- ` Cosimo 's stars ' -RRB- , in honor of Cosimo II de ' Medici -LRB- 1590 -- 1621 -RRB- , grand-duke of Tuscany , whose patronage he wanted .

More importantly , the discovery of celestial bodies orbiting something other than the Earth dealt a blow to the then-accepted Ptolemaic world system . This held that the Earth was at the center of the universe and all other celestial bodies revolved around it .

Merrie Melodies is the name of a series of animated cartoons distributed by Warner Bros. .

She acted as Sue Ann Nivens in The Mary Tyler Moore Show and as Rose Nylund in the television sitcom The Golden Girls .

These , along with his control of the plasmid industry , made him immensely powerful .

Thin Lizzy are a hard rock band that started in Dublin , Ireland in 1969 .

Lakes tint by dispersion .

; introduction : Date the aircraft entered or will enter military or revenue service ; retired : Date the aircraft left military or revenue service .

The Strait has been the theater for several military confrontations between the People 's Republic of China and the Republic of China since the last days of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 when the Kuomintang forces led by Chiang Kai-shek retreated across the Strait and relocated its government on its final stronghold of Taiwan .

To this day , about 300 species native to the Red Sea have been identified in the Mediterranean Sea , and there are probably others still unidentified .

Saitama has two J. League football -LRB- soccer -RRB- teams : the GyÅ da in the northern part of what is now known as Saitama Prefecture .

Xena : Warrior Princess has been credited by many , including Buffy the Vampire Slayer creator Joss Whedon , with blazing the trail for a new generation of female action heroes such as Buffy , Max of Dark Angel , Sydney Bristow of Alias , and the Bride in Quentin Tarantino 's Kill Bill .

The movie plot involves Hercules ' mother being kidnapped by Zeus and the release of the Titans .

And Japanese Tsukkomi hit Boke powerfully . Manzai has a lot of kinds .

Amtrak trains and Greyhound buses also go to Orlando .

Wilkins and a graduate student , Raymond Gosling , got the first X-ray diffraction photos of DNA in 1950 .

Melling was joined in the Great Britain Test side by Quins teammate Paul Sykes .

A climbing harness -LRB- or simply harness -RRB- is used by rock climbers . It is used to secure the climber to a piece of rope .

Nitrogen fixation is needed to change the nitrogen in air -LRB- N2 -RRB- into forms that can be used by life .

It is definitely not what Lamarck believed -LRB- for Lamarck , a change in habits is what changes the animal -RRB- .

Radar signals passing near a massive object take slightly longer to travel to a target and longer to return than it would if the mass of the object were not present .

The family includes about 50 genera and 550 species , with a pantropical distribution ; one genus -LRB- Toona -RRB- extends north into temperate China and south into southeast Australia , and another -LRB- Melia -RRB- nearly as far north .

Rodin refused to change his style .

Weeki Wachee is a city of Florida in the United States .

See also : List of symphonies in G minor .

Keith and Mitchell were tied 3-3 at Tribal Council . In earlier Tribal Councils , Keith had no votes , but Mitchell had one ; so he was eliminated .

Such beneficial plasmids may be considered bacterial endosymbionts .

Saint-Ciers-d ` Abzac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .

Coweta is a city in Wagoner County , Oklahoma and is a suburb of Tulsa .

She then fell to # 28 Sorana CÃ rstea in the second round .

EarthBound was re-released for the Game Boy Advance along with Mother as Mother 1 + 2 , only in Japan .

Province of Lucca -LRB- Italian : Provincia di Lucca -RRB- is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .

It is the first and only handheld Katamari game .

Sense of smell : Frisch discovered that bees can distinguish various blossoming plants by their scent , and that each bee is â flower constantâ .45 â `` 51

The match was to be held in Pasadena , California , but the Soviet Chess Federation protested -LRB- possibly because Korchnoi was a defector and the match was in the cold-war enemy 's back yard , and because of the soon-to-be-announced Soviet decision to boycott the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles -RRB- , and Kasparov was not allowed to fly there to play the match .

Most of the land is considered within the Alps , but a small area is part of the plain of the River Po which drains the north of Italy .

Nelson Mandela announced the formation of this new group , The Elders , in a speech he delivered on his 89th birthday .

Lagos , PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques is a commune of the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques dÃ partement in the southwestern part of France .

The Cold War Kids are an indie rock band .

Choi Jin-Cheul -LRB- born 26 March 1971 -RRB- is a former South Korean football player .

