For this reason , King 's alumni -LRB- people who used to go there -RRB- are referred to as ` Non Resident Members ' .

Public buildings and spaces would eventually be able to be found all over the city .

Green has also played for has also played for the British Columbia Lions , Washington Redskins , Kansas City Chiefs and Miami Dolphins .

Deanston is a village in the district of Stirling , Scotland , on the south bank of the River Teith , formerly of West Perthshire .

JosÃ Manuel Ochotorena -LRB- born 16 January , 1961 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .

Today Ivanovici is especially remembered for his waltz The Waves of the Danube , Donauwellen in German , in his lifetime he composed over 350 dances , and his works were published by over sixty publishing houses throughout the world .

Older banyan trees have aerial prop roots that grow into thick woody trunks which , with age , can become indistinguishable from the main trunk .

The Ter Hachatrjan family felt under the repression of NKVD in 1937 .

However these plants are threatened by a number of processes including land clearing , frequent burning and disease , and a number of species are rare and endangered .

It is believed oceanic anoxic events are strongly linked to climate warming and greenhouse gases .

He was born at Beverley in Yorkshire , son of Sir William Alcock , Burgess of Kingston upon Hull and educated at Cambridge .

Carp have been a source of food to humans , as well as popular ornamental fishes like the koi and goldfish .

Turner is a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee , and she is also represented in the Grammy Hall of Fame by two of her recordings : `` River Deep - Mountain High '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and `` Proud Mary '' -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .

The Itty bitty machine company was one of the few retail stores to sell the original Apple I computer .

A `` populite '' culture might mark the first step toward realization of Jean-Francois Lyotard 's `` game of perfect information '' where all have equal access to the world of data , and where '' -LRB- g -RRB- iven equal competence -LRB- no longer in the acquisition of knowledge , but in its production -RRB- , what extra performativity depends on in the final analysis is ` imagination , ' which allows one either to make a new move or change the rules of the game . ''

The iTunes Store is an online store built into iTunes .

Eugene Alan `` Gene '' Snisky -LRB- born January 14 , 1970 in Nesquehoning , Pennsylvania -RRB- better known by his ring name Snitsky , is a American professional wrestler best known for the four years he spent with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .

Lucimar da Silva Ferreira , called LÃ cio -LRB- born 8 May 1978 in BrasÃ lia , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian football player and the captain of the Brazil national team , for that he has played 8 matches and made 4 goals . His team is Internazionale Milano .

There are 70,000 new AIDS orphans a year .

It is believed that it destroyed the homes of 70,000 of the 80,000 people that lived in the city .

He became director of the natural products department at Sandoz and went on studying hallucinogenic substances found in Mexican mushrooms and other plants used by the aboriginal people .

The first edition of the FAZ published on November 1 , 1949 . Its founding editor was Erich Welter .

Bladen County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .

The male then guards the eggs until they hatch .

The film stars BeyoncÃ Knowles , Mos Def , Rah Digga , Wyclef Jean , Mekhi Phifer , Da Brat , Joy Bryant , Jermaine Dupri and Lil ' Bow Wow .

Around 200 BC , in his attempt to finally subjugate Armenia , Seleucian king Antiochus III conquered both Greater Armenia and Tsopk , installing Armenian generals Artaxias I and Zariadres as governors-strategoses respectively in each kingdom .

Kilkenny City is administered by a borough council and has a Mayor .

His best known work is Anarchy , State , and Utopia -LRB- 1974 -RRB- . It responds to A Theory of Justice , a book by John Rawls .

The word means `` speaker '' , but may be translated into English as `` king '' .

After the Commonwealth Games , the stadium was changed so it could be used as a football stadium .

In 1996 , the planned stadium competed with Wembley Stadium to gain funding to become the national stadium . The money was used to redevelop Wembley instead .

Brawl due to a leak .

The US sent two U.S. Air Force C-17 's carrying supplies , which included tents and generators .

The famous Fish Mouth was cracked .

About 2,000 troops were sent to Zipingpu , to try and release the pressure through spillway .

Satyagraha helped shape Nelson Mandela 's struggle in South Africa under apartheid , Martin Luther King , Jr. 's campaigns during the civil rights movement in the United States , and many other similar movements .

Overall , the median household income rose from $ 33,338 in 1967 to an all-time high of $ 44,922 in 1999 , and has since decreased slightly to $ 43,318 .

Prussian troops began mobilizing , culminating in the October 1806 Battle of Jena-Auerstedt , which was a disaster for Prussia , as the ability of its armed forces to continue the war were effectively wiped out .

Some argue that the lunar sample data do not require a cataclysmic cratering event near 3.9 Ga. . They think the apparent clustering of impact melt ages near this time is an artifact of sampling .

For the best-fit `` snowman '' model , the density is found to be 1.8 Â 0.2 g\/cm Â . This gives a porosity of the order of 20 % .

Craig-Chad Leo Stansberry -LRB- born March 8 , 1982 in Dammam , Saudi Arabia -RRB- is a Saudi Arabian baseball player . He is a third baseman for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- .

In early years , however , shogi was written è æ # -LRB- the same as Xiangqi , `` elephant chess '' -RRB- .

The beginning of the hurricane was from a tropical wave that moved into the Atlantic Ocean off of Africa on September 16 .

The term flora comes from Latin language Flora , the goddess of flowers in Roman mythology .

The United States Department of Justice -LRB- DOJ -RRB- is a Cabinet department in the United States government .

Sidney and Hallie are trapped , but are lucky when they see the killer is unconscious .

The Red Army Faction or RAF -LRB- German Rote Armee Fraktion -RRB- , was one of postwar West Germany 's most active and prominent militant left-wing groups .

Michio Yasuda -LRB- born 10 November 1949 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

Delta Junction is a city in Alaska .

Cast and jacketed bullets are also commercially available from numerous manufacturers for hand loading and are much more convenient than casting bullets from bulk lead .

The series is a Western set in the 1870s in Deadwood , South Dakota .

The population was 26,200 at the 2000 census .

Containers for bento may be very different , from disposable mass produced to hand crafted lacquerware .

It was started in 1936 by the violinist BronisÅ aw Huberman when it was known as the Palestine Orchestra .

The gameplay of Super Mario RPG is like other Square role-playing games of Chrono Trigger and the Final Fantasy series .

Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars , -LRB- also called as Super Mario RPG in Japan -RRB- , is a role-playing game made by Square Co. -LRB- now known as Square Enix -RRB- and published by Nintendo .

A song that was called `` Keys to the City '' was given to the Blackhawks organization as a gift by Ministry & Co Conspirators .

Judith Weir -LRB- born 11 May 1954 in Cambridge , England -RRB- is a Scottish composer .

Mullen has invented many tricks .

Finally , the character æ '' -LRB- pinyin : qi -RRB- , which stands for air , is shown with å ' -LRB- pinyin : he -RRB- , which means peace and harmony .

His last U.S. Army position was as the 34th Chief of Staff of the Army -LRB- 1999-2003 -RRB- .

For these features , an external USB drive is required .

Their most characteristic feature is their large cheek pouches . The pocket in their name comes from these pouches .

As of 2007 , it is the longest currently published magazine of that genre .

The land around the Gulf is generally flat and low-lying .

Thankful is the first album by American singer Kelly Clarkson , released in the United States by RCA Records on April 15 , 2003 .

The Upper Grand Coulee was dammed and made Banks Lake .

Bob Jones University -LRB- BJU -RRB- is a private , Protestant Christian , university in Greenville , South Carolina .

UCL 's main campus is in the Bloomsbury area of Central London , with a number of institutes and teaching hospitals located elsewhere in Central London .

The Francis turbine , named for him , is the first modern water turbine .

Many species are critically endangered .

James Rodney `` J. R. '' Richard -LRB- born March 7 , 1950 -RRB- is a former Major League Baseball starting pitcher for the Houston Astros .

Together with Kiviuq and Siarnaq , Paaliaq has light-red colors , further supporting that the Inuit group might have been formed when a bigger body broken up .

T. Boone Pickens , a former Texas oilman , is planning to build the world 's largest wind farm , called the Pampa Wind Project , as part of the Pickens Plan .

In the show 's intended demographics , Aang has been received very well .

When Aang has a vision of Katara being in danger , he leaves the Air Temple where he is being taught before the seventh chakra is opened , locking it .

Princess Anne County existed from 1691 to 1963 , over 250 years .

Kalamazoo is home to Western Michigan University , Haworth College of Business , and Kalamazoo College .

The costs involved are quite substantial .

Bridge to Terabithia was released in the U.S.A. and Canada on February 16 , 2007 .

Not all reviews were positive .

The New York Times Jeannette Catsoulis believed that the fantasy was kept in the background `` to find magic in the everyday '' , and thought CsupÃ directed `` like someone intimate with the pain of being different , allowing each personality more than a single characteristic '' .

What are portals ?

It has whorled spikes of reddish-green flowers , which bloom in summer , becoming purplish .

Adrienne Koch and Harry Ammon , examining Jefferson 's later writing , conclude that Madison had a significant role `` in softening Jefferson 's more extreme views . ''

It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .

Urban75 -LRB- also sometimes referred to as u75 or urban -RRB- is a website and messageboard based in Brixton , England .

Surveying is the technique and science of accurately finding out the position of points and the distances and angles between them .

It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .

Many problems are actually from each user 's PC setup or browser , such as pressing F5 or -LRB- before edit-preview -RRB- and losing all edit-text -LRB- see below : Browser nightmares -RRB- .

Kazuyoshi Mikami -LRB- born 29 August 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

He started conducting in 1979 with the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra , mainly in order to conduct his own compositions .

Elena Olegovna Bovina -LRB- born March 10 , 1983 , Moscow , Russia -RRB- is a Russian professional female tennis player .

Grandchamp-le-Ch Ã cents teau is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Pierluigi Casiraghi -LRB- born 4 March , 1969 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .

People also believed that the residents of the Faery realm were incapable of producing fire themselves ; embers of bonfires would be carried to the underworld and tended there .

Three potoroos , one male and two females , were moved to Bald Island in August 2005 .

Since then , four more potoroos have been sent to start a breeding colony .

In it one sees four doves perched on the edge of a basin filled with water .

They represented divinities as well as subjects from contemporary life .

Italian constructor Dallara built the 2010 cars in Parma , which used Cosworth engines .

Hispania finally had both car finish the race at the Malaysian Grand Prix with Chandhok finishing in front of Senna . Chandhok was 3 laps down and Senna was 4 laps down .

Matt Maiellaro is a creator , writer , director , and voice actor on the Adult Swim program Aqua Teen Hunger Force and the film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters which he did with Dave Willis .

This continuo is usually played by two instruments : typically a cello or bass viol and a keyboard instrument such as the harpsichord .

by Cee Lo Green .

He also helped write the hits `` Right Round '' by Flo Rida featuring Kesha , `` Wavin ' Flag '' by K ` naan , and `` Fuck You ! ''

Bayreuth is internationally famous for the Bayreuth Festival -LRB- Bayreuther Festspiele -RRB- , a festival of the music of Richard Wagner .

Harvey is a city of Illinois in the United States .

The National Hurricane Center upgraded the system to Tropical Depression Two in the morning hours of July 3 after the system was able to keep convection over its center for at least 12 hours .

Six hours after becoming a depression , it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha , the second named storm of the season .

It became fully tropical the next day and was reclassified as Tropical Storm Laura .

Subtropical storms are not included in season totals .

Also , sapienic acid is a sebum fatty acid that is found only in people , not in animals .

Mikhail Bulgakov was born in Kiev on May 15 1891 .

In public key cryptography , each user has a pair of cryptographic keys -- a public key and a private key . The private key is kept secret , while the public key may be widely distributed and used by other users .

The parameter may contain templates , images , etc. , if a block needs to be wrapped in this template and contains such elements .

Naoki Chiba -LRB- born 24 July 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Vegalta Sendai .

It out in a platform game called Crash Bandicoot , where Crash has to save his girlfriend Tawna from the evil doctor Neo Cortex .

Foods that have a best before date are usually safe to eat after the date has passed , although they are likely to have deteriorated either in flavor , texture , appearance or nutrition .

The Montreal Wanderers were a professional men 's ice hockey team that played in Montreal , Quebec at the Montreal Arena , and were one of the founding franchises of the National Hockey League in the 1917 â `` 18 NHL season .

He would also play with the Toronto Maple Leafs , Chicago Black Hawks , and New York Rangers .

It was angled at 30 degrees and supported by five 25 m long , tapered steel legs . These connected to the spikes 22 m above the ground .

At that time the sculpture was closed off to the public , and the junction and pathway near the sculpture were temporarily closed .

Roasted eggs are used at the Jewish holiday of Passover Eating raw eggs is not recommended for people who may be likely to catch to salmonella , such as the elderly , the infirm , or pregnant women .

Knol is a Google project which aims to include user-written articles on a range of topics .

The Caribbean saw the beginnings of decolonization , while on the largest island the Cuban Revolution introduced Cold War rivalries into Latin America .

Shigemaru Takenokoshi -LRB- born 15 February 1906 - died 6 October 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

While the name `` Oakwell '' is usually used for the main stadium , it also includes several neighbouring venues which form the facilities of the Barnsley F.C. academy . This includes an indoor training pitch , a smaller stadium with seating on the south and west sides for around 2,200 spectators , and several training pitches used by the different Barnsley FC squads .

He came up with the term `` Rhythm & Blues '' , and was important in working with big people in music of the last 50 years , such Ray Charles , Aretha Franklin , Led Zeppelin , Wilson Pickett , Dusty Springfield , and Bob Dylan .

In 1937 , Naismith played a role in the formation of the National Association of Intercollegiate Basketball , which later became the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics -LRB- NAIA -RRB- .

In 1613 , Henry Crout met the Beothuks , who were living on Dildo Island at this time .

Tatsuro Kimura -LRB- born 24 June 1984 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

After a few years Roux 's theory was refuted by the studies of his colleague Hans Driesch and later , with more precision , Hans Spemann showed that , as a rule , Driesch 's conclusions were correct , but that results like Roux 's may be obtained after intervention in certain planes .

The Thracians were an ancient Indo-European people inhabiting Central , Eastern and Southeastern Europe .

Ned Kelly survived to stand trial for the murder of Thomas Lonigan at Stringybark Creek . He was sentenced by the Irish-born judge Sir Redmond Barry .

This template generates a box for a portal home page .

Samuel Dexter -LRB- May 14 , 1761 â `` May 4 , 1816 -RRB- was an early American statesman who served both in Congress and in the Presidential Cabinet .

During the collapse of the Qing Dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia declared independence , but had to struggle with the Soviet Union 's help , until 1921 before the world accepted its independence .

Schwerin von Krosigkut was a conservative , but not a member of any political party when was appointed Minister of Finance by Franz von Papen in 1932 . President Paul von Hindenburg asked him to stay in office under Kurt von Schleicher .

A ship floats because although it is made of steel which is more dense than water , it encloses a volume of air and the resulting shape has an average density less than that of the water .

It was initially created to ensure a clean drinking water supply for the city of Srinagar .

The Dominican city of San Juan de la Maguana , or simply San Juan , is the head municipality of the San Juan province , on the west of the country .

Sainte-Hermine is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .

Rye House railway station is in Hoddesdon in Hertfordshire , England .

As chair of the Blue Ribbon Committee , he has recommended the prosecution of top government officials of previous administrations in relation to the Expo Pilipino centennial scam and the misuse of the funds of the Retirement and Separation Benefits Systems of the Armed Forces .

Interviews with band members have pointed to differences of opinion in the direction the band should go ; Vowles liking a hip-hop direction while Robert Del Naja and Daddy G leaned more towards darker electronica themes .

Brain cancer is a maliganant brain tumor .

He became Lieutenant Colonel -LRB- or Podpolkovnik -RRB- of the Soviet Air Force on 12 June 1962 . Then on 6 November 1963 he got the rank of Colonel -LRB- Polkovnik -RRB- of the Soviet Air Force .

MIT has five schools and one college , and it has 32 academic departments , and gives much importance to scientific and technological research .

Strasburger was a founder of the famous Lehrbuch der Botanik fÃ 1\/4 r Hochschulen -LRB- Textbook of Botany -RRB- , which first appeared in 1894 .

In Yes Minister , he is the Permanent Secretary for the Department of Administrative Affairs -LRB- a fictional department of the British government -RRB- .

The main event and last match of the night was Edge putting his World Heavyweight Championship on the line against the number one contender The Undertaker .

La Villette , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Their lead singer was `` Little Anthony '' Gourdine .

River Plate F.C. is a former football club which has played in Uruguay .

He was born in Senigallia , Italy . Panzini was the student of GiosuÃ Carducci at the University of Bologna .

Instead , Asada went to the World Junior Championships again , where she lost to Kim Yu-Na .

Cranes look like herons , but they fly with their necks stretched forwards , while herons fly with their necks pulled back close to the body .

He wrote Die Wesensmerkmale der Staatsorganisation in rechtlicher und entwicklungsgeschichtlicher Sicht -LRB- `` Characteristics of State Organization from a Juristic and Developmental-Historical Viewpoint '' -RRB- , and was given the title of professor in 1964 .

A similar position , called either `` Secretary at War '' or `` Secretary of War , '' was appointed to serve the Congress of the Confederation under the Articles of Confederation between 1781 and 1789 .

Ricardo Faty -LRB- born 4 August 1986 -RRB- is a French football player .

Stoke-on-Trent is sometimes known to be the home of the pottery industry in the United Kingdom and is commonly known as The Potteries .

Ashern is a community in Manitoba , Canada .

The Yuan was subdivided into 10 chiao , 100 fen or 1000 li .

It got city rights in 1249 .

Under Claudius , the empire expanded for the first time since the reign of Augustus .

Lent is a commune .

Maida stated in 2002 that Innocent was his favorite song on the Gravity album and said that `` I wrote this song over a year ago and I was originally hesitant to play it for the band , but once we got into the studio and began working with Bob we were able to make it an Our Lady Peace song . '' .

Mox fuel consists of about 93 % uranium , and about 7 % of thorium or plutonium dioxide .

It dissolves in concentrated nitric acid to make arsenic acid and in dilute nitric acid to make arsenious acid . It reacts with concentrated sulfuric acid to make arsenic trioxide .

This belief grew out of opposition to revolutionary socialism , which challenges that revolutions are necessary to fundamentally change a society .

Blake Hall station is a disused station in Essex , formerly on the Central Line of the London Underground between North Weald and Ongar .

The 2009 Philippine region typhoon season was the period that tropical cyclones formed in the Western Pacific Ocean .

The Prizm and the Corolla shared the same parts and engines . In 1998 , the name of the car was changed to Chevrolet Prizm .

He became the second actor in the history of the Golden Horse Awards to win the Best Actor Award year after year .

His government posts under Tony Blair include : Chief Secretary to the Treasury -LRB- 1997-1998 -RRB- , Secretary of State for Work and Pensions -LRB- 1998-2002 -RRB- , Transport Secretary -LRB- 2002-2006 -RRB- , Scottish Secretary -LRB- 2003-2006 -RRB- and Secretary of State for Trade and Industry -LRB- 2006-2007 -RRB- .

Loyola University Chicago is a private , Jesuit university in Chicago , Illinois .

Flower is a 1989 Grunge song by the American rock band Soundgarden .

Like other cheeses , Brie is a dairy product made from milk . In some countries , Brie cheese is served with fruit as a dessert at the end of a meal .

It is preceded by erection of the clitoris and moistening of the opening of the vagina .

That is n't true .

They continued playing . Balukas won the match with a final score of 9 â `` 5 .

If nobody notices , nothing happens .

In 1186 the Counts of Berg got to rule DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf and they made it their residence in 1280 .

They are sometimes called Human Rights Organizations .

In XHTML , using is not `` allowed '' . XHTML also should not be used together with the JavaScript command .

Ayers teaches at the University of Illinois at Chicago .

As Augustus , he would keep the trappings of a restored Republican leader . However , historians view this as the end of the Roman Republic and the beginning of the Roman Empire .

In 1925 , Indian River County was created out of the northern part of St Lucie County , while northern Martin County was created from a small part of southeastern St. Lucie County and the northern part of Palm Beach County .

The Union Council has a population of 43,473 .

The metropolitan area population is expected to reach 5.12 million people by 2020 .

Lilo lives in Hawaii , a series of islands in the United States of America . Lilo 's mother and father have died in a car crash , so her older sister Nani takes care of her .

It was named in October 2002 after Megaclite , mother by Zeus -LRB- Jupiter -RRB- of Thebe and Locrus -LRB- although both of these are assigned a different mother by other authors -RRB- .

He became the second most important man at the Central Flying School in England and had several important jobs in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I. Trenchard was the man in charge of the Royal Flying Corps in France from 1915 to 1917 .

Massalia has an above-average density for S-type asteroids , similar to the density of silicate rocks .

Tekken 5 was re-released on the PlayStation Portable as Tekken : Dark Resurrection -LRB- known as Tekken 5 : Dark Resurrection in arcades and on PlayStation 3 -RRB- with new stages , two new characters , one extra returning character , an online mode , new costumes and more .

Instead of using a lens it is also possible to have cells inside the eye that act like mirrors . The image can then be reflected to focus at a central point .

Lilongwe is visited by Malawi Railways and Shire Bus Lines , local buses and minibuses go between Old Town , City Centre , Kamuzu International Airport , and other urban places , including Mzuzu and Blantyre .

One day he comes across a female mouse named Jenny , whose parents were two of the lost six mice who tried to escape NIMH but were thought to have died .

In anger of the reason that the document failed to state clearly and exactly what had been given to Tsuburaya in exchange for these rights , Japanese and Thai courts accepted this contract as real and bonding , because of the supposed hanko of the late Noboru Tsuburaya in the document .

In April 2007 , the Thailand Intellectual Property Court ruled in favor of Tsuburaya Productions , ordering Chaiyo to stop making commercial profits from Chaiyo produced Ultraman characters such as Millennium , Dark , and Elite .

Magnolia is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .

Josep Carreras i Coll -LRB- born December 5 , 1946 in Barcelona , Spain -RRB- , better known as JosÃ Carreras , is a tenor opera singer .

Other than the album 's lead single , `` What the Hell '' , Lavigne described the songs on Goodbye Lullaby as different from her earlier songs . She said she was older , so her music was not so pop-rock now .

On October 9 , 2009 , Lavigne filed for divorce .

-LRB- For further information on Alderney concentration camps , see Appendix F : Concentration Camps : EndlÃ sung â `` The Final Solution ; Alderney , a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman ; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people , see -RRB- .

Walter L. Voegtlin first made the modern Paleolithic diet popular in the 1970s . Authors and researchers recommended and changed the diet in several books and academic journals .

The Reverend Sir Robert Peat , Perpetual Curate of St. Lawrence in Brentford , Middlesex , and one of the many former chaplains to Prince George , Prince Regent -LRB- the future King George IV -RRB- , was recruited by the council as a member of the society .

As the Order of St. John is open to the citizens of sixteen different countries , each with their own system of orders , decorations , and medals , the order 's place of precedence varies from country to country .

In the European Middle Ages , the herb was placed under pillows . This was done to help sleep and ward off nightmares .

Since A-flat major was not often chosen as the main key for orchestral music of the 18th century , passages or movements in the key often kept the timpani tuned the same way as they were in the movement before it .

Ultramega OK is the debut album by the American grunge band Soundgarden . It was released on October 31 , 1988 through SST Records .

Pavel HorvÃ th -LRB- born 22 April 1975 -RRB- is a Czech football player .

As we have only 26 characters the random numbers in the keystream have to be at least between 0 and 25 .

Oxpecker\/mammal interactions are the subject of some debate and ongoing research .

The show is currently not on the air in the U.S.

Transfer to the North South Line is done at Dhoby Ghaut station , East West Line at Outram Park station and Circle Line at Serangoon and Dhoby Ghaut stations .

As Europe was where hot chocolate was first made popular , there are many different types .

Some cafes in Belgium and other areas in Europe serve a `` warme chocolade '' or `` chocolat chaud '' . This is a cup of heated milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to put in the milk .

`` Hot cocoa '' is made from a mix of cocoa , sugar and ingredients , all powdered , to make the drink thick without cocoa butter . `` Hot chocolate '' is made right from bars of chocolate , which has cocoa , sugar and cocoa butter in it .

In the late 1600s , Hans Sloane , president of the Royal College of Physicians , went toJamaica .

Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Dera Ismail Khan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .

While Jurassic Park III attempted to address this last oversight by adding quill-like structures around the head of some of its dromaeosaurs , they did not resemble the structure or distribution of actual dromaeosaurid feathers known from fossil remains .

Dromaeosaurids also appear in many of The Land Before Time films , beginning with the third .

`` Baby blue '' is a light tone of azure .

Thanks to the help of a `` magic feather '' from some Crows , Dumbo flies to fame , and gets his mother free .

The island is sometimes referred to as `` Scotland in miniature '' , as it is divided into `` Highland '' and `` Lowland '' areas by the Highland Boundary Fault which runs northeast to southwest across Scotland .

In May 1843 , Wagner toured the Lake Sevan region of Armenia .

In the show , some characters have the ability to manipulate one of the four classic elements of ancient philosophy : Water , Earth , Fire and Air , although the Avatar has the ability to control all four .

The valley has become famous for its different wines , such as sangiovese , nebbiolo and barbera .

Temple Square is a National Historic Landmark and religious center located in Salt Lake City , Utah , and is owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints -LRB- LDS Church -RRB- .

It is possible that the Berber Muslim Almoravids came from the area .

The creation of the LCC in 1889 , as part of the Local Government Act 1888 , was forced by a succession of scandals involving the Metropolitan Board of Works -LRB- MBW -RRB- , its predecessor , which had not been directly elected .

It was launched in 1 January 1994 in partnership and distribution with Star TV , a Hong Kong-based pan-Asian satellite network owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation , replacing the NBC Asia channel .

It was named for Alexander Hamilton , first United States Secretary of the Treasury .

It is available for watching here .

Daniel Chester French , the man who made the Lincoln Memorial , made two allegorical figures , Brooklyn and Manhattan -LRB- carved in 1916 , and moved to the museum in 1963 -RRB- , and of the figures on the building .

Walter Richard Rudolf Hess -LRB- HeÃ in German -RRB- -LRB- 26 April 1894 â `` 17 August 1987 -RRB- was a High Ranking Nazi leader , and one of Adolf Hitler 's closest men .

However , the technique of crotching , meaning to have two balls right next to each other on the area of one of the table 's four corners where the rails meetâ '' the crotchâ '' made scoring a lot easier . This resulted in an 1862 rule which allowed only three counts before at least one ball had to be sent away from the corner in order to legally score another point .

Balkline came after the champion 's game . It added more rules to stop nursing techniques .

O'Connor then portrayed an imperiled student on the NBC special `` The Flood '' , Cheryl Ladd 's daughter in Danielle Steel 's `` Changes '' , a woman captured by Shawnee Indians in ABC 's Follow the River , an actress who hires Rockford as her bodyguard in The Rockford Files : A Blessing in Disguise -RRB- -RRB- , Julia Wilkes in Disney 's `` The Adventures of Huck Finn '' , and the daughter of a murdered couple in an episode of NYPD Blue .

FÃ bio AurÃ lio -LRB- born 24 September 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player . He plays for Liverpool .

In his narrative , he gives all credit to his fellow sealing captain , Robert Johnson , for finding and naming the land two years earlier .

This would explain the profusion of positional and date errors .

Sun Yat-sen -LRB- 12 November 1866 â `` 12 March 1925 -RRB- was born in China and was a Chinese political leader .

Although `` severely elevated mood '' sounds somewhat desirable and enjoyable , the experience of mania is often quite unpleasant and sometimes disturbing , if not frightening , for the person involved -LRB- and those close to them -RRB- , and may lead to impulsive behavior that may later be regretted .

The movie was re-released by Disney on March 7 , 2006 .

It lay to the north of the modern North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan until it was dissolved in 1969 .

In a dark courtyard , Leporello leaves Elvira .

Robert Indiana -LRB- born as Robert Clark in New Castle , Indiana on September 13 , 1928 -RRB- is an American artist . He is known for being a part of the pop art movement .

Examples include storage polysaccharides such as starch and glycogen and structural polysaccharides such as cellulose and chitin .

Haynes ' brother , Dontia Haynes , who used to be a San Diego State University tennis player ranked among the top 100 ranked collegiate tennis players in the United States , died 23 September , 2005 .

Moussy-Verneuil is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .

Box Car Racer was a side-project for Blink-182 members Tom DeLonge and Travis Barker and lead guitarist of Hazen Street , David Kennedy and touring bassist Anthony Celestino .

Clinton was vice president under two different presidents .

Raine Maida -LRB- born February 18 , 1970 in Weston , Ontario , Canada -RRB- is an Canadian singer\/songwriter .

In the Middle East , green cardamom powder is used as a spice for sweet dishes . Traditionally , it is also added as a flavoring to coffee and tea there .

The Draft was announced by WWE Chairman , Vince McMahon on the May 26 2008 episode of Raw .

He married Emma of France , daughter of Robert I of France and BÃ atrice of Vermandois .

The Small White -LRB- Pieris rapae -RRB- is a small to mid-sized butterfly of the Yellows and Whites Pieridae family .

The term was also used to describe `` The Fundamentals '' , a collection of twelve books on five subjects published in 1910 and funded by Milton and Lyman Stewart

`` Two More Years '' was released later at the same time as their October 2005 UK tour .

The album then was made available for pre-order in many formats - a high-quality MP3 download with the CD release on 27 October 2008 .

Yoghurt with fruit jam added to it was patented in 1933 by the RadlickÃ MlÃ kÃ rna dairy in Prague .

An ancient poet , Sappho , lived on Lesbos .

An example of a surviving celestial globe is part of a Hellenistic sculpture , called the Farnese Atlas . It survives in a 2nd century AD Roman copy in the Naples Museum , Naples , Italy .

Korykos were the equivalent to modern punching bags .

One legend says that the heroic ruler Theseus invented a type of boxing where two men sat face to face and beat each other with their fists until one of them was killed .

Rah Ahan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Shahr-e-Rey .

It can also be called qixianqin ã ä ç ç ã -LRB- `` seven-stringed instrument '' -RRB- .

There have been many players throughout the ages . The instrument was a favorite of the scholars , so many artists played it .

The watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning the next day . Another watch was issued for the Burin and Bonavista peninsulas , although it was quickly removed .

Fresnoy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

A cubic metre of pure water at the temperature of maximum density -LRB- 3.98 Â C -RRB- and standard atmospheric pressure -LRB- 101.325 kPa -RRB- has a mass of 1000 kg , or one tonne .

f Jaguar formerly Stewart Grand Prix .

In 1947 East Bengal became part of Pakistan -LRB- East Pakistan -RRB- - and the Jamaat-e-Islami was divided into separate Indian and Pakistani parties .

Cordelia takes its name from the youngest daughter of Lear in William Shakespeare 's King Lear .

Exeter Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in the city of Exeter , Devon , in the southwest of England . It is the seat of the Bishop of Exeter .

The lakeshore borders Davis , Tooele , Box Elder , Salt Lake , and Weber counties , all in the state of Utah .

The company was bought by New York City in June 1940 .

The trunk is covered by the bark , which protects the tree against damage and often differs markedly from the bottom of the trunk to the top , depending on the species .

The main function of , as opposed to , is that the template allows you to specify a desired height of the panorama .

In older books , adenine was sometimes called Vitamin B4 .

Screwtape is always afraid that God will step in and stop Wormwood 's temptations . Screwtape says that when the patient prays to God for help , God always comes , so Screwtape is fearful .

The record label is managed by former TOTP Magazine editor Peter Loraine .

The British Rail Class 91 is a class of 140 mph , 6,300 hp electric locomotives ordered specifically for the East Coast Main Line modernisation and electrification program of the late 1980s .

At first , Ellington was more interested in baseball than playing the piano .

An inscription of 1346 speaks of Harihara I as the ruler of â whole country between the eastern and the western seas , and the inscription describes Vidya Nagara -LRB- that is , the city of learning -RRB- as his capital .

On the relations of Man to the lower animals p57 â `` 112 .

An Australian documentary was made in 2006 about Warren and Marshall 's road to the Nobel Prize , called `` The Winner 's Guide to the Nobel Prize '' .

For example , the x86 instruction set architecture has 8 integer registers , x86-64 has 16 , many RISCs have 32 , and IA-64 has 128 .

The fort was on a very good spot and was positioned high above sea level with clear views to the entrance of Port Jackson -LRB- Sydney Harbour\/Sydney Heads -RRB- .

When construction of the fort was finalized , there were a total of 41 gun emplacements around Sydney Harbour .

Formula One announced On 8 September 2007 , that Fuji will alternate hosting the Japanese Grand Prix with Suzuka . This will start in 2009 .

If there is any doubt , posting to the candidate 's talkpage and asking them about their RfA is often a better course of action than suddenly closing their good faith attempt at adminship .

Cavendish said of the protest , which he thought was lodged by Hushovd , that , `` Thor either thinks so highly of himself that he thinks I was looking out for him yesterday or he thinks so highly of my team that the only way he can beat us is to complain like that . ''

`` One Fish , Two Fish , Blowfish , Blue Fish '' is the eleventh episode of The Simpsons second season .

An exception to this is temperature wherein the conversion will be rounded either to precision comparable to that of the input value or to that which would give three significant figures when expressed in kelvin , whichever is the most precise .

They can only be used as the third unnamed parameter , e.g. produces `` 55 n '' .

As livestock keeping spread throughout the world it was able to occupy otherwise empty niches .

There are a large number of Christian churches in the city for its size .

Jand is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33 Â 4 ' 0N 73 Â 7 ' 60E .

This is especially common with hot noodles , as drawing up the noodles quickly into the mouth acts to cool them down .

Roasted buckwheat kernels may be made into a grain tea called sobacha , which may be served hot or cold .

Nolina , Beaucarnea , and Dasylirion are sometimes recognized as Nolinaceae or placed in Ruscaceae .

Goats and other pet animals graze in pastures .

Joncreuil is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .

It stands in the site of an old Kan ` eiji , a temple very related with the Tokugawa shoguns , who had built the temple to guard Edo Castle against the Northeast .

The Toy Fox Terrier -LRB- also known as American Toy Terrier , Amertoy -RRB- is a small terrier breed of dogs .

Twenty-five two-car units were ordered by Railtrack to enable it to replace its motley collection of ageing departmental vehicles , many of which were converted from redundant passenger stock .

The English conductor John Barbirolli and the Pole Artur Rodzinski , were joint replacements for Toscanini in 1936 .

He was known as le Grand Dauphin due to his large physical size .

Light passes through the transparent slide and lens , and the resulting image is enlarged and projected onto a screen . So the audience can view its reflection .

It was first given in Fall 1959 by Everett Franklin Lindquist as a competitor to the College Board 's Scholastic Aptitude Test , now the SAT Reasoning Test .

Emmanuel Olisadebe -LRB- born 22 December 1978 -RRB- is a Polish football player .

Central America is part of the continent known as North America .

The penetrometer is dropped on soil or it is pressed against soil to measure how deep a hole it makes .

During the wet season the river beds are eroded by the floodwaters and large quantities of fresh and saline water flow out across the tidal flats , where silt is deposited .

Parks Australia and the Aboriginal traditional owners of Kakadu are committed to the principle of joint management of the Park and arrangements to help this happen are highlighted in Kakaduâ s Plan of Management .

Using paperbark rafts , they would track the movement of a wounded crocodile and get the carcass for skinning .

Part of the Buena Vista Motion Pictures Group , the studio also has Walt Disney Feature Animation and DisneyToon Studios .

The elements of the group are called vectors and the elements of the field are called scalars .

`` Two of Us '' is a song by The Beatles , written by Paul McCartney , although it is credited to Lennon\/McCartney .

Swallowtail butterflies are large , colorful butterflies which form the family Papilionidae .

Fernando De Napoli -LRB- born 15 March , 1964 -RRB- is a former Italian football player . He has played for Italy national team .

Liez , Aisne is a commune .

A kibibyte is 1024 bytes , 1024 kibibytes are a mebibyte .

Currently Jacques Forster and Olivier Vodoz are vice presidents .

The block 's continuity was provided by segments featuring Piper O'Possum .

He became a US citizen in 1971 .

He also made contributions to solid-state physics and optics and supervised the work of a number of important physicists in the 1920s and 30s .

Max Born -LRB- December 11 , 1882 â `` January 5 , 1970 -RRB- was a German physicist and mathematician who was important for the development of quantum mechanics .

In 1921 Gustav Holst changed the music from a section of the song Jupiter from his suite The Planets to create a setting for the poem .

Megabats eat fruit , nectar or pollen .

He was inspired by many people in the city , especially Ferdinand FouquÃ and Frank Calvert , who he met in 1868 .

Her challengers , Strauss-Kahn and Fabius , obtained 21 % and 19 % respectively .

However , the policy of privatization was pursued .

Vegetables included leeks , garlic , melons , squashes , pulses , lettuce , and other crops , in addition to grapes that were made into wine .

The collection is part of the Neues Museum .

Its skeleton is the most complete abelisaurid skeleton discovered so far .

It is thus seen as the precursor of all synapsids -LRB- which include mammals -RRB- .

Centralia is a city of Illinois in the United States .

The second Excalibur was the one to which Merlin took the King . The sword was located at a magical lake where the Lady of the Lake gave it to Arthur .

One of the revisions of this diff has been removed from the public archives .

; : This code over-rides the explanation text following the bolded reason line ; it over-rides text initially provided by the template itself , , , and , if applicable , .

They are often credited as one of the most popular bands of the 1980s thrash metal scene .

During their 30-year marriage Faustina bore 13 children .

Saint-Roman-de-Malegarde is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .

Both conglomerates and breccias have clasts larger than sand -LRB- -RRB- 2 mm -RRB- .

This enables individuals anywhere to play a direct and interactive role in the survival of some of the worldâ s most precious species .

Sabotage was suspected but never proved .

Minidoka is a city of Idaho in the United States .

Traffic cones -LRB- also called road cones , safety cones , or pylons -RRB- are cone-shaped markers , generally made out of plastic , that are placed on roads to temporarily redirect automobile traffic in a safe manner .

Travelling naturalists were to be based in Rio de Janeiro , and instructions were sent out .

After Darwin 's Fertilisation of Orchids -LRB- 1862 -RRB- he spent years of work on orchids , sending observations to his brother Hermann and to Darwin .

He was mathematics teacher at the LycÃ e. 1867-76 : Return to the ItajaÃ Valley as a minor provincial official .

The topics covered a range of natural history topics in entomology , marine zoology , and botany .

Worked as a botanist and as an advisor to farmers .

Non-spherical and reddish in color , it is thought to have of water ice with unknown amounts of other materials .

Gauchos use bolas made of leather cords with wooden balls or small leather sacks full of stones in the ends of the cords .

It was the lead single from her third album , The Best Damn Thing -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .

Season in progress .

Some think all trap types have a similar basic structureâ '' the hairy leaf .

Group Lotus is divided into Lotus Cars and Lotus Engineering .

`` Donâ t be surprised to see an electric Lotus shortly , â he said , adding that a concept version could debut as early as March 2009 , at Geneva Motor Show .

The sodium gas reacts with the potassium chloride to make potassium gas and sodium chloride .

The Hockey News was created in 1947 by Ken McKenzie and Bill CÃ tÃ , and has since been the most recognized hockey publication in North America .

The managing director is Peter Birtles .

As part of the RAW vs. SmackDown !

Most owners of zombie computers do not know that their system is being used in this way .

However , because he was an Australian , and not a part of the scientific establishment , and because he found the fossil in Africa , and not Europe or Asia , where the establishment looked to for man 's origins , his findings were initially dismissed .

Along with Annabeth and Percy 's half brother Tyson , Percy journeys on an unapproved quest to find Grover .

The goal of the project is to help a Windows user that is not familiar with Linux in trying Ubuntu without the risk of damage due to disk formatting or partitioning .

It has an average of 150.71 criminal incidents per 1000 inhabitants -LRB- the national average is 83\/1000 -RRB- .

The employees of paper mills were called les usines , French for factory , and formed the integral part of their culture and life .

Epping on the London Underground is the north-eastern terminus of the Central Line .

Dated back to ca .

The new stand was an impressive modern facility , but it also emphasised the haphazard nature in which the ground had been redeveloped , as all four sides were of differing heights and construction styles .

The Green River Formation contains the largest oil shale deposits in the world .

Szeryng spoke seven languages fluently , so when World War II broke out he became an official interpreter for the Polish government which was based in exile in London .

For instance in a typical diving compressor , the air is compressed in three stages .

An inland tropical storm warning was also sent out for inland parts of Charlotte , Citrus , DeSoto , Hardee , Hernando , Highlands , Lee , Levy , Manatee , Pasco , Pinellas , Polk , Sarasota , and Sumter counties .

In England , there are currently eight parishes with city status , all places with long-established Anglican cathedrals : Chichester , Ely , Hereford , Lichfield , Ripon , Salisbury , Truro and Wells .

There are fifteen possible key signatures : up to seven sharps , up to seven flats , or no sharps or flats . The reason why there are fifteen and not twelve is because three of them have two possible names : F sharp major -LRB- 6 sharps -RRB- can also be called G flat , C sharp is D flat and B is C flat .

MullÃ á usayn was the BÃ b 's first disciple .

The G-spot , if stimulated , leads to a strong orgasm or female ejaculation .

After 1931 , when the Commonwealth of Nations came into being and the former Dominions of the British Empire became independent states , equal in status to the UK , the Order of Merit remained an honor open to all the King 's realms ; thus , as with the monarch who conferred it , the order ceased to be purely British .

Camp Zama is a United States military base in Kanagawa prefecture in Japan .

Several other sources such as the ABC News , Daily Telegraph , and journalist Seymour Hersh have also reported that Jundullah has received support from the United States against the government of Iran , although the US denies any involvement .

The two competed in a nature quiz tiebreaker , the loser of which was eliminated .

Albania is next to Kosovo , Montenegro , Greece and Macedonia .

Capes were common in medieval Europe , especially when combined with a hood . Capes have had periodic returns to fashion .

Pleasant Hill is a village of Pike County in the state of Illinois in the United States .

It was first seen by scientists in pictures taken by the Cassini-Huygens probe on October 28 , 2004 , and announced on 8 November that year .

Donkey Kong 64 is one of the first games for the Nintendo 64 to use the Expansion Pak .

Fishermen were also ordered to stay on land .

Neerpelt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .

It goes from Corpus Christi north to San Antonio .

Currently , the PS3 is sold in a new , slimmer and more efficient model with a 160 GB or 320 GB HDD .

Shih Tzu were officially recognized by the American Kennel Club in 1969 .

Arabic language versions are in parentheses .

He was succeeded as Lord Protector by his son Richard .

FresnÃ - la-M Ã re is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Since knowing the truth about her paternity , Liv and Steven Tyler have had a close relationship .

The nasal septum can depart from the centreline of the nose ; this condition is known as a deviated septum .

He could figure them out faster than I could .

He used chlorine in an attempt to clean the water and had the handle removed , thus ending the outbreak .

Tens of millions of the consumer IM accounts in use are being used for business purposes by employees of companies and other organizations .

As such , it could be considered a sort of GUI , albeit much more primitive than the later Unix , Windows and Macintosh based GUI IM programs .

Most maps use some other method of projection .

The second uses equirectangular projection .

A dose of poison can cause harmful effects or injuries and sometimes even death .

For a short time , she went to Edgewood College in Madison , Wisconsin , and Spring Hill College in Mobile , but then switched to Xavier University of Louisiana in New Orleans , where she became a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in 1969 .

Edmund becomes fully sorry after a long talk with Aslan who afterward commands the Pevensies to agree the matter of their brother 's misdeeds forgotten .

Yama rides a black buffalo and carries a rope to take the dead to his prison .

He continued to live in Trois-Rivi Ã res where he was a successful businessman and well-respected member of the community .

The series begins with Swallows and Amazons , published in 1930 .

The 12 books are about the adventures by groups of children during school holidays .

The children meet on an island on the lake , and have a series of adventures that weave imaginative tales of pirates and exploration into everyday life in inter-War , rural England .

The opening of the Tyne and Wear Metro in 1980 , followed by the Manchester Metrolink in 1991 and other new tram systems in Sheffield , Birmingham , Croydon and Nottingham , are very much in line with the aims of the Association .

In March 2001 , World Wrestling Federation Entertainment , Inc. purchased World Championship Wrestling .

WrestleMania 's yearly fan convention , WrestleMania Axxess , was held from March 25 through to March 27 .

Wemmel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .

These activities are often described with the slang terms golden showers , water sports , or piss play .

; Second form His second form is similar in appearance to the first , except much larger , both in height and muscle mass , Frieza claiming to have nearly doubled his power in this state .

Mainz is located on the left side of the river Rhine , on the right side is the city Wiesbaden .

Kasterlee is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .

Marshfield Dreams : When I Was a Kid is a memoir written by the American writer and poet Ralph Fletcher , it covers his life from birth to age thirteen when his family moved from Marshfield , Massachusetts to Chicago .

Polliat is a commune .

In the arts tradition , music is also used to broaden skills of non-musicians by teaching skills such as concentration and listening .

Even shows empty parameters that come in the end .

She went to the College of William and Mary and got a degree in Psychology and Computer Science in 1978 .

Groundwater 's short stories have won awards also .

He shared the 1994 Memorial Prize in Economics with two other game theorists , Reinhard Selten and John Harsanyi .

Black holes have also been found in the middle of every major galaxy in the universe . These are called supermassive black holes , and are the biggest black holes of all .

The towns of Hohenstein and Ernstthal were united in 1898 . The town is either known by its hyphenated form , or simply called Hohenstein .

Shpilband became a naturalized United States citizen in 2000 .

Chinese architecture refers to the architecture of China .

These letters have helped historians to find out more details about the life of Jane Austen .

Hanukkah is observed for eight nights , starting on the 25th day of Kislev according to the Hebrew calendar , and may occur from late November to late December . The Hebrew word hanukkah means dedication .

Le Lac-d ` Issarl Ã s is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .

Gordan Nikolitch -LRB- born 1968 -RRB- is a Serbian violinist .

In July 2001 , Curitiba has become the first city in the country to receive the prize `` Pole of Information Technology '' , granted by InfoExame magazine , because the performance of their companies of technology .

The main rivers that form the watershed of the city are : Atuba River , BelÃ m River , BarigÃ 1\/4 i River , PassaÃ na River , RibeirÃ # o dos Padilhas and the IguaÃ u River , all with characteristics of dendritic drainage .

Periods should be punctuated with an unspaced en dash -LRB- e.g. -RRB- .

Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria -LRB- 1640 -RRB- and L'incoronazione di Poppea -LRB- 1642 -RRB- form a brilliant end to his career .

It is called Midland , because many years ago it was the midway point between two bigger cities in Texas , Fort Worth and El Paso .

In December 2007 , they began to sell Hash Browns and the Bagel B.E.L.T. , -LRB- a breakfast sandwich that has lettuce and tomato .

Before the 10th November , he had already killed 32 Axis soldiers with the standard Mosin-Nagant rifle .

The SRP also said that the Holocaust never happened , and that the ovens of the Dachau concentration camp were built by the United States after 1945 .

More honor was given to Cranach when he went to the Netherlands in 1509 , and painted the Emperor Maximilian I and the boy who became Charles V later in his life . Until 1508 Cranach signed his works with the initials of his name .

Endurance is needed to travel the distances demanded in dogsled travel , which may be anything from five to eighty miles -LRB- 8 to 130 km -RRB- or more a day .

He was the son of architect Franz Martinelli .

Ferdinando I de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany -LRB- 30 July 1549 -- 17 February 1609 -RRB- was Grand Duke of Tuscany from 1587 to 1609 . He succeeded his older brother Francesco I.

HombliÃ res is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .

Energy usage in the transportation and residential sectors -LRB- about half of U.S. energy consumption -RRB- is largely controlled by individual domestic consumers .

Research into the history of Derby shows that the Vikings and Anglo-Saxons lived in two areas of land .

The song field should show the flag of the country and the name of the song as presented during the ESC .

Saint-Germain-de-Livet is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Morena Baccarin auditioned for the role and two days later was on the set in her first television show .

St. Anne 's is a Catholic school .

Elections are held in the spring .

The current redevelopment is aimed to make the surface-level entrance and ticket-hall area larger and brighter .

The Grand Duchy changed its name to the Grand Duchy of Hesse and by Rhine in 1816 .

The Sims 3 is set 25 years before The Sims .

Usually a borough is a single town with its own local government .

Pontiac is a city of Illinois in the United States .

TAG Group -LRB- Holdings -RRB- SA is a private holding company based in Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .

By the middle of the 1880s , Masoch had abandoned the Legacy of Cain .

He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2009 for his discoveries of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres which he shared with Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol W. Greider .

A white flag is a common symbol of surrender .

Meslay-du-Maine is a commune of 2 616 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .

Eating vitamin C prevents scurvy .

The better qualities of parchment are named vellum .

Konz is a city in Germany .

When Hercules attacks Iolaus he is overpowered by the smaller man , but after a short while Hercules gets the best of Iolaus as he sees Deianeira and Ilea standing in the doorway he rips off his clothes and runs to do them .

Following his retirement from athletics , he served as a Member of Parliament for the Conservative Party from 1992-97 . He became a life peer in 2000 .

Allineuc is a commune . It is found in the region Bretagne in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in the west of France .

If any Man shall lose a Joint in time of an Engagement , shall have 400 Pieces of Eight ; if a Limb , 800 .

If at any time you meet with a prudent Woman , that Man that offers to meddle with her , without her Consent , shall suffer present Death .

The historic old city forms an irregular square , consisting of four parts -LRB- called Stoecke -RRB- .

Beginning in 1820 , Aarau has been a refuge for political refugees .

A former cloth warehouse was transformed into a small theater in 1974 , and the alternative culture center KIFF -LRB- Culture in the fodder factory -RRB- was established in a former animal fodder factory .

MQV -LRB- Menezes-Qu-Vanstone -RRB- is an authenticated protocol for key agreement based on the Diffie-Hellman scheme . MQV provides protection against an active attacker .

Kamakura has many Buddhist temples .

On-shore and off-shore winds can be extremely strong as the lake warms and cools more slowly than the land .

At the 2000 census the population was 6,607 .

Grace McKee married Ervin Silliman -LRB- Doc -RRB- Goddard in 1935 . Nine-year-old Monroe was sent to the Los Angeles Orphans Home -LRB- later renamed Hollygrove -RRB- and then to several foster homes .

Monroe later described the experience as a `` nightmare '' .

The time with Lower provided the young Norma Jeane with one of the few stable periods in her life .

In the Hoover book , Summers concludes that Monroe was in love with President Kennedy and wanted to marry him in the early 1960s .

Germany , like the United Kingdom , can thus be said to have a parliamentary system .

This is followed later on by symptoms typical of other elapid poisonings : a progressive flaccid paralysis , starting with ptosis and paralysis of voluntary muscles .

In Buddhism , the first schism was set up by Devadatta , during Buddha 's life .

The chamber pot was originally designed for females .

The album pretty much starts off when he is returning after several years to hook up with his old ` babe ' .

The current Taoiseach is Enda Kenny .

In 1951 the Under School relocated to its own site in Eccleston Square .

Tacna is a city in Peru . It is the capital of Tacna Region .

In mathematics , a rational number is a number that can be written as a fraction .

In the first , called Fall Gelb in German -LRB- called Case Yellow in English -RRB- , German tank units pushed through the Ardennes , to circle the Allied units that moved into Belgium .

After the French Second Army Group gave up on 22 June , France then gave up as a country on 25 June .

The family has approximately 225 species in 7 genera , although some classification systems include all of subfamily Magnoioideae in genus Magnolia .

He was the leader of a political party called Fianna FÃ il . They were in a coalition government with the Green Party and the Progressive Democrats .

Welcome to Wikipedia .

Each state in the process is given a unique Version .

This can be seen by orienting the n-hypercube so that two opposite vertices lie vertically , corresponding to the -LRB- n-1 -RRB- - simplex itself and the null polytope , respectively .

He was a six-time Danish champion , and a candidate for the World Chess Championship on four occasions : 1965 , 1968 , 1971 , and 1977 .

He joined the Manhattan Project in the United States , which developed the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .

On 21 March 2006 , about 2,500 workers , who were upset over buses that were delayed for the end of their shifts , protested , damaging cars , offices , computers , and construction equipment .

Local firms are able to take capital out of the country in order to expand globally .

His grandfather William Prescott served as a colonel during the American Revolutionary War .

They prefer full sun throughout the day .

There are numerous small islands and two large ones : Unguja -LRB- the main island , sometimes informally referred to as ` Zanzibar ' -RRB- , and Pemba Island .

Trilogy is a series of three novels written by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson between 1969 and 1971 , and first published in 1975 .

The Big Mac Index is an economic index .

Living in a Box were a British pop band from the 1980s and early 1990s .

The city government also established several `` refuges of last resort '' for citizens who could not leave the city , including the massive Louisiana Superdome , which housed approximately 26,000 people with food and water for several days as the storm came ashore .

Necessary evacuations were issued for large areas of southeast Louisiana as well as coastal Mississippi and Alabama .

Soul Punk is the debut studio album by American musician Patrick Stump .

The Wawel Dragon , is a well known Polish folktale .

He graduated from the College of New Jersey -LRB- now Princeton University -RRB- in 1794 and began studying law .

The article quoted a doctor as saying , `` The QT levels may have grown over a few years , or it may have been artificially pushed over the limit by caffeine '' .

There also was a 2.281 km warm-up loop called Zielschleife -LRB- `` Finish Loop '' -RRB- or better known as Betonschleife , around the pit area .

Peter Senerchia -LRB- born October 11 1967 -RRB- is an American retired professional wrestler and current color commentator best known by his ring name Tazz , -LRB- originally Tazmaniac and later shortened to simply Taz -RRB- .

Mirza Ghulam Ahmad founded the movement in 1889 and named it the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community .

The planet 's southernmost active volcano , Erebus -LRB- 3794 m -RRB- , as well as the dormant volcano Terror -LRB- 3230 m -RRB- , are situated on the island .

They were named by Ross after his ships HMS Erebus and HMS Terror .

The by-election was caused by the death of the Conservative Party Member of Parliament for Glasgow Hillhead Tam Galbraith on 2 January 1982 .

Because of this motto , one of Minnesota 's nicknames is The North Star State .

It can also be used to fell snags and assist in cutting firebreaks in wildland fire suppression , and to harvest firewood .

When the clerical states of Germany were dissolved , OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck became part of the Kingdom of Hanover , which in turn fell to Prussia in 1866 .

The electrical properties of the two pieces of glass are similar to each other but opposite to those of the two pieces of resin : the glass attract what the resin repels and repels what the resin attracts .

Aida , Amonasro and the captured Ethiopians all plead with the Egyptian King to save them , but the Egyptians want them to be put to death . Radames pleads with the king to spare Aida and Amonasro .

After a while , the Dutch ships had to retreat with two ships lost , three small vessels captured , and about a hundred casualties .

S\/2004 S 12 is an unnamed moon of Saturn .

In addition , this system 's track data shows that it crossed from the central to the east Pacific because it formed at longitude 149 Â W and dissipated at 135 Â W. Only two other known tropical cyclones had done that before .

Prior to his election as mayor , Villaraigosa was the California State Assemblyman for the 45th District , the Speaker of the California State Assembly , and the Los Angeles City Councilman for the 14th District .

This template is likely represented across -LRB- thousands of pages -RRB- , so please tread lightly when editing here .

Absinthe 's popularity grew slowly .

Hadrian was the third of the so-called Five Good Emperors .

In fact , they usually maintain a certain political distance from the party leadership , because under the rules of collegiality , they will often have to publicly promote a Council decision which does not match the political conviction of their party -LRB- or of themselves -RRB- .

By convention , the positions of President and Vice President rotate annually , each Councillor thus becoming Vice President and then President every seven years while in office .

Famous Arian Unitarians include Isaac Newton , Andrews Norton and Dr. William Ellery Channing .

The term `` minimalism '' was not generally embraced by the artists associated with it , and many practitioners of art called minimalist by critics did not identify it as a movement as such .

So are sons , daughters and daughters-in-law of Knights Grand Cross and Knights Commanders . Relatives of female members are not assigned any special precedence .

The sender does precoding of the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .

One of the recording sessions for `` Getting Better '' is famous for an incident involving Lennon .

Metz-en-Couture is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Wanting to find out more about her mother , and to become an otome like her , Arika walks to Garderobe -LRB- a school in Windbloom for training otomes -RRB- .

It is lemon flavored . In the United Kingdom , Pepsi Twist is no longer sold .

Chyjice Village is located in the district JiÄ Ã n , Hradec KrÃ lovÃ region .

CSI : NY debuted on September 22 , 2004 on CBS .

Tel Aviv 's center for modern and classical dance is the Suzanne Dellal Center .

He was a virtuoso organist and harpsichordist .

Oud-Heverlee is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .

AsniÃ res-sur-Seine used to just be called AsniÃ res .

Transwiki and Importers are unused flags which give permissions on Special : Import .

In 1799 James Carter imported several Williams trees into the United States , and they were planted on the grounds of Thomas Brewer in Roxbury , Massachusetts .

The psychological manifestation of visual information is known as visual perception .

The low level circulation detached itself from the dying convection while the system as a whole continued west-northwestward .

Blood Sugar Sex Magik sold twice as many copies as One Hot Minute .

His father was a coal merchant at Stamford , Lincolnshire , who also played the organ . Sargent grew up in Stamford and became involved in a lot of amateur music making .

With RAID , several hard disks are made into one logical disk .

Health magazine has selected lentils as one of the five healthiest foods .

COBRA -LRB- or CoBrA -RRB- was a European avant-garde movement active from 1949 to 1951 .

It showed her experiences hiding during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II .

It was one of the 48 constellations listed by Ptolemy . However , he only included 7 stars .

It is most common in the Pantanal region of Brazil and the Eastern Chaco region of Paraguay .

The varying types of mudrocks include : siltstone , claystone , mudstone , slate , and shale .

The meaning of Darwinism has changed over time , and depends on who uses the term .

The party went back on December 18 , and went more to the west . This was an easier journey .

However , shortly before release of their first album , Sony ended their contract .

While DP2 looked like a Class 55 locomotive in outline , there were many detail differences ; particularly the large bodyside radiator vents at one end , and the single roof fan as opposed to the four symmetrically placed fans on the Deltics .

The specimen , trapped in amber dating back to more than 80 million years ago , has features of both ants and wasps .

Ants are usually small , but can carry the weight of twenty ants .

On August 20 , 2006 , he went to Japan and competed in the professional wrestling tournament WRESTLE EXPO 2006 where he lost to 2 Tuff Tony after defeating Mad Man Pondo .

On September 16 , 2006 , he competed in the 1st IWA East Coast Masters of Pain where he lost to Jun Kasai after defeating 2 Tuff Tony and Corporal Robinson .

Saurischians -LRB- ` lizard-hipped ' -RRB- and the ornithischians -LRB- ` bird-hipped ' -RRB- have differences in the ways bones in the hip are put together .

In 1888 , Harry Seeley classified dinosaurs into two main orders . Their hip structure was how they were separated into these orders .

These fuels may be consumed directly or by the use of electricity -LRB- which may derive from any of the above fuels or from nuclear or renewable sources -RRB- .

These meiospores develop into a gametophyte . Both the spores and the resulting gametophyte are haploid , meaning they only have one set of chromosomes .

Make Way for Ducklings won the 1942 Caldecott Medal for McCloskey 's pictures , drawn in charcoal , then lithographed on zinc .

JosÃ Luis Caminero -LRB- born 8 November 1967 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .

In his junior year he met Joe Principe at a `` Sick of it All '' concert show .

Paul Larudee , a 64-year-old former language professor from El Cerrito , California onboard the Sfendoni , was beaten and tased according to his family by the US Consul General and his lawyers ; his family has reported that Israeli consular officials informed them that Larudee , a pacifist , was beaten after not to follow the orders of troops .

Milk chocolate uses all of those ingredients plus milk and vanilla .

On July 30 , the low passed to the west of Bermuda as it continued moving northeastward , under the effects of a large mid-latitude trough .

However , conditions then were forecasted to become better for development , and by July 29 the National Hurricane Center stated that it had `` potential for tropical or subtropical development . ''

In 135 , the second Jewish revolt against the Romans , called Bar Kokhba 's revolt , was put down .

He was only five at the time , but he remembered the trip well .

Le Dernier jour d'un condamnÃ -LRB- The Last Day of a Condemned Man -RRB- would have a profound influence on later writers such as Albert Camus , Charles Dickens , and Fyodor Dostoevsky .

However , although Hugo believed Catholic dogma to be outdated and dying , he never directly attacked the institution itself .

Laval-en-Laonnois is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .

Wikipedia articles should rely mainly on published reliable secondary sources and , to a lesser extent , on tertiary sources .

Purdue University , located in West Lafayette , Indiana , U.S. , is the flagship university of the six-campus Purdue University System .

There are 375 communes in the Sarthe dÃ partement , in France .

Le Bar-sur-Loup is a commune .

It leads from the head of the Nubra Valley into the upper Shyok valley , on the way to the even higher , but easier , Karakoram Pass .

The HSCA found both the original FBI investigation and the Warren Commission Report to have large errors .

Brian Eno -LRB- born 15 May 1948 -RRB- is a musician from England .

It started in 1950 and ended in 2000 when Schulz died .

In the wild , the species is confined to two small populations , near Monterey and Carmel .

Military command is in the hands of the General Staff , headed by the Chief of Staff , who is Lieutenant-General Seyran Ohanyan .

It passed just north of the Azores as a hurricane on September 26 .

He has played for Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .

talkbackHeading = '' '' ; FriendlyConfig .

A Fermat number is a special positive number . Fermat numbers are named after Pierre de Fermat .

Words are accepted as being the smallest units of a sentence -LRB- syntax -RRB- . It is clear that in most languages , words can be related to other words by rules .

It has heavier black-lined veins . The underside of the wings is a pale yellowish color .

Bruce 's `` Zen Garden '' caused problems at Casaya and Aras felt he should have been helping with camp chore .

Austin and Danielle were sent to Exile Island together , while the winners enjoyed a big breakfast in a rain-soaked bed .

As well as a barbecue meal , Terry won a GMC Yukon for winnning the second part of the reward challenge .

At the reward challenge , the players were split into three teams , and Bruce , Aras , and Sally won .

Bruce , who had been sick for many days , had more pain .

Verbal explanation of movements may come from the artists themselves , sometimes in the form of an art manifesto -LRB- published statement -RRB- .

It has also been suggested that the ancestry of the tre cassyn can be traced to the triquetra in a coin of AmlaÃ b CuarÃ n , a 10th century Norse-Gael warlord who was king of Northumbria and king of Dublin .

The Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly , William Hay , ordered the change and the capital D was dropped from Hansard references .

There are also dams on the Snake River and many other tributaries .

In 1929 he became professor at the Musikhochschule in Berlin .

Lee has written a two-volume set of memoirs : The Singapore Story -LRB- ISBN 0-13-020803-5 -RRB- , which covers his view of Singapore 's history until its separation from Malaysia in 1965 , and From Third World to First : The Singapore Story -LRB- ISBN 0060197765 -RRB- , which gives his account of Singapore 's subsequent transformation into a developed nation .

Mikel Alonso -LRB- born 16 May 1980 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Tenerife .

`` There 's No Disgrace Like Home '' is the fourth episode of The Simpsons ' first season .

Folds in rocks vary in size from microscopic crinkles to mountain-sized folds .

The split was a result of WWF purchasing their two biggest competitors , WCW and ECW .

In early to mid-2002 , WWE had a process they called the `` Brand Extension '' .

With the debut of SmackDown !

The following tables lists some properties of the six convex regular polychora .

son of the former

Since the Duke of Saxony was considered one of the prince-electors electing a new Holy Roman Emperor , there was an argument between the lines of Lauenburg and Wittenberg about who should cast Saxony 's vote .

He was also one of the most likeable of chess masters and became an elder statesman of the game , to whom others turned for advice or arbitration .

As of 2000 , the population was 44,437 .

The lake becomes saltier as the 450 m salt crust dissolves over six months .

Khumbu lies near Mount Everest , which the Tibetans and Sherpas call Chomolungma which in Tibetan means Mother Goddess of the Earth .

RI has three lectures theaters , an AV Theatrette and a Band Room . Sometimes , people have classes in the three lecture theaters and the AV Theatrette instead of their classroom , while sometimes , teachers meet in these theaters .

He walks through the village seeing fire and destructions and dead bodies strewn on the floor .

Careca -LRB- born 5 October 1960 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .

Notes more than two or three leger lines below the treble clef stave or two or three leger lines above the bass clef stage are rarely used . It is usually easier to change the clef .

In the state Andhra Pradesh , land near the airport at Hyderabad were set aside .

Headteacher Dianne McKinnon who succeeded Elizabeth Devlin after she retired in July .

Hanif Mohammad -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ù Û Ù Ù

The idea of the Weismann barrier is central to the Modern evolutionary synthesis , though it is not expressed today in the same terms .

Radio callsigns pre-date postcodes in Australia by more than forty years .

These are used when addressing mail by hand .

The concert hall , called the Concertgebouw , was opened on 11 April 1888 .

The categorical imperative is an idea that Immanuel Kant had about ethics . An ` imperative ' is something that one must do .

Her TV shows include 30 minute Meals , $ 40 a Day , Rachael Ray 's Tasty Travels and The Rachael Ray Show .

Paolo Conti -LRB- born 1 April , 1950 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .

She also performed at the ImprovOlympic theater .

The show 's third season premiered on October 30 , 2008 .

Three men are running along the riverside , one of them stops to take a drink from the river .

It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .

The Supro Ozark is an old electric guitar with only one pick-up .

Michael Shawn Hickenbottom -LRB- born July 22 , 1965 -RRB- is a retired American professional wrestler , better known by the ring name Shawn Michaels , he has been given the nickname of `` The Heartbreak Kid '' -LRB- sometimes referred to as HBK -RRB- . He used to performs on the Raw brand of World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .

But Fricka says to Wotan that he is wrong : Siegmund can not be a free hero if he is being protected by Wotan .

Nitra is one of the oldest cities in Slovakia .

The band later released the video compilation Motorvision , which was filmed at the Paramount Theatre in 1992 .

It was built in 2003 at a cost of about Â # 5.5 million with money given by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community . It is located in the London area of Morden , next to Morden South railway station and 150 yards from the Morden Underground .

It was founded in 1913 . They are named after the neighborhood of VÃ lerenga .

This was partly due , he believed , to the rise in social status of families who were not capable of producing many children but who rose because of the financial advantage of having a small number of children .

In 1995 , Gackt joined Malice Mizer as the group 's vocalist , lyricist and pianist .

Adenosine triphosphate -LRB- ATP -RRB- is a nucleotide used in cells as a coenzyme .

Rickets is a disease in young children . It is caused by lack of vitamin D and calcium .

He was best known for his time that he spent with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .

She would sting `` bad '' people , but she could also cure scorpion stings and other poisons , such as snake bites . Because Serket could cure snake bites , she was sometimes known as the protector from Apep , the evil snake-god .

A legendary creature is a mythological or folkloric creature .

On September 18 , 2008 it was given back to him . The name of the person who returned it is not known .

Its chemical formula is IF5 . It has iodine and fluoride ions .

IvÃ n Zamorano -LRB- born 18 January 1967 -RRB- is a former Chilean football player .

A court or courtyard is a space inside a building that is open to the sky .

Ray rejected the system by which species were classified according to an either\/or type system . Instead he classified plants by observation according to similarities and differences .

This article has explanations for any leap year starting on Thursday such as 2004 .

In June 2000 , The MTR Corporation proceeded with its plans to retrofit 2,960 pairs of platform screen doors at all 30 underground stations on the Kwun Tong Line , Tsuen Wan Line , and Island Line in a six year program .

Penalties ranging from fines to imprisonment have been imposed for such offenses .

Whittier is a small town in Alaska on the Kenai Peninsula .

After graduating , Biya returned to Cameroon and worked in the government . In 1975 , the President Ahmadou Ahidjo gave the job of Prime Minister to Biya .

His brother Orestes died in 1881 , and Tornero he took over the Mercurio library , which was mainly focused on editing teaching material and works translated from French .

Crystalline materials are often characterized by a number of important energy levels .

Plant viruses tend to have single-stranded RNA genomes and bacteriophages tend to have double-stranded DNA genomes .96 \/ 99

Yuki Takabayashi -LRB- born 22 May 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

Mental calculation uses only the human brain .

In Corsica , vendetta was a social code that required Corsicans to kill anyone who wronged the family honor .

Dostoevsky offered his story -LRB- at the time , he did not think of Crime and Punishment as a novel -RRB- to the publisher Mikhail Katkov . Famous writers such as Ivan Turgenev and Leo Tolstoy often used Katkov 's monthly journal , The Russian Messenger , to print their writings .

At age 10 , Tapia already had been a professional musician , playing â Stars and Stripes Foreverâ for World War I soldiers in Hawaii .

Suppiluliuma II , the son of Tudhaliya IV , was the last known king of the New Kingdom of the Hittite Empire , ruling 1207 BCE -- c. 1178 BCE , contemporary with Tukulti-Ninurta I of Assyira .

The Church wanted to end this lay investiture because of the potential corruption , not only from vacant sees but also from other practices such as simony .

The State Library of Victoria is one of the largest exhibiting libraries in the world .

Edward Bawden , CBE , Royal Academy -LRB- 1903 â `` 1989 -RRB- was a British painter and an artist who drew pictures graphic .

It is at between 4,500 -- 4,800 m -LRB- 14,800 -- 15,800 ft -RRB- in the tropical Ecuadorian , Colombian , Venezuelan , and northern Peruvian Andes , going up to 4,800 -- 5,200 m -LRB- 15,800 -- 17,060 ft -RRB- in the drier mountains of southern Peru south to northern Chile south to about 30 Â S , then going down to 4500 m on Aconcagua at 32 Â S , 2000 m at 40 Â S , 500 m at 50 Â S , and only 300 m in Tierra del Fuego at 55 Â S ; from 50 Â S , many of the bigger glaciers go down to sea level .

Tingle , known as Tincle is a character in The Legend of Zelda video games . He has his own series , starting with Freshly-Picked Tingle 's Rosy Rupeeland .

San Jose State Spartans is the name of the different sport teams at San Jose State University .

Manabu Ikeda -LRB- born 3 July 1983 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

Trenton is the capital city of the U.S. state of New Jersey .

Leopoldo II was driven from Tuscany by revolution from 21 February to 12 April 1849 , and again on 27 April 1859 .

McConnel set about improving Bryn Eglwys to increase its output . In 1865 his company earmarked money for the construction of a narrow gauge railway connecting the quarry with the port of Aberdyfi .

Her famously quoted speech which caused the indignation of the goddess is as follows :

Although the Greeks and Romans typically scorned Egypt 's animal-headed gods as bizarre and primitive -LRB- they mockingly called Anubis the `` Barker '' -RRB- , Anubis was sometimes associated with Sirius in heaven , and Cerberus in hell .

TSN is owned by CTV Speciality Television Inc ; a division of Bell Media -LRB- 80 % -RRB- and ESPN -LRB- 20 % -RRB- .

Most developed countries ' voting power was reduced .

People also say that the World Bank pushes US or Western interests in certain parts of the world .

A few years later , in 1872 , at the age of 24 , Palisa became the leader of the Austrian Naval Observatory in Pola .

The term was first used in Werner Sombart 's Krieg und Kapitalismus -LRB- `` War and Capitalism '' , 1913 -RRB- These ideas were first discussed in books The Communist Manifesto -LRB- 1848 -RRB- , in Grundrisse -LRB- 1857 -RRB- `` Volume IV '' of Das Kapital -LRB- 1863 -RRB- .

The total area is 22.72 kmÂ .

There are a lot of foxes in Japanese folklore .

The area of the town is 20.23 kmÂ .

The 2004 playoffs were considered to be wide open with no clear favorite .

DOE also sponsors more basic and applied scientific research than any other US federal agency ; most of this is funded through its system of United States Department of Energy National Laboratories .

`` Scandinavia '' is more useful as a linguistic term , rather than geographic , however , because it also refers to the area where Scandinavian languages -LRB- North Germanic languages -RRB- are spoken . The Scandinavian languages -LRB- Swedish , Norwegian , Danish , Icelandic and Faroese -RRB- are closely related , and many Scandinavians are able to understand some of the other languages , though with difficulty .

\* -LRB- tÅ # Å á Ï Ñ Å -RRB- -LRB- HÐ Î Ä Ä È Ê Ê á cents á á á á Ð Ò cents Ó Ó Î -- á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 `` á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á Ð Î -- -RRB- -LRB- Ã Ã Ã EÄ Ä Ä '' Ä -- á á á 3\/4 á '' á '' á ''

+ -LRB- -LRB- AÃ Ã Ã Ã Ã Ã

It was upon this research work of national ethnic identification that the State Council could be able to announce there are 56 ethnics in China .

Arby 's is an international chain of fast food restaurants started by Forrest and Leroy Raffel in 1964 in Boardman , Ohio .

Flower vegetables include broccoli , cauliflower and artichoke .

As a teen he lived with Fred in California and learned from his brother the art of Scoutcraft , how to shoot , and how to ride the range , all in spite of his wooden leg .

In 1917 , when Mexico passed laws stopping the sale of land to foreigners .

It is made by reacting silver nitrate with sodium iodate .

Hudson is a census-designated place found in Pasco County , Florida , in the United States .

Gimnasia won both meetings against the Uruguayan teams : 5 â `` 2 against Nacional and 1 â `` 0 against PeÃ arol .

A nest is place animals build to hold their eggs and\/or provide a place to raise their babies .

His economics teacher was James Nelson and his studies were based on a famous textbook by Paul Samuelson .

He also wrote papers about other economic theories , such as monetary economics -LRB- Ricardian equivalence -RRB- and its importance when producing the best economic growth .

GrÃ cents ce-Hollogne 35 .

Prasad created the American Gita Society -LRB- later renamed the International Gita Society -RRB- in 1984 in order to foster unity and goodwill between all religions and faiths of the world , through the teachings of the Bhagavad Gita .

Silla had accomplished an unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea in 668 . But it weakened as local lords achieved power during the end of the 9th century .

Henry met with the exiled Thomas Arundel , former Archbishop of Canterbury .

A cockpit is the area , usually near the front of an aircraft , from which a pilot controls the aircraft . The cockpit is also referred to as the flight deck although that term can also refer to the flight deck on an aircraft carrier .

The town was first mentioned in 1283 , after being given its town charter by Villekinus de Endorpe .

Clarence J. `` Clancy '' Brown III -LRB- born 5 January 1959 -RRB- is an American actor and voice actor known for his roles as Byron Hadley in the award winning The Shawshank Redemption and Career Sergeant Zim in Starship Troopers . He is perhaps best known for his role as the Kurgan in the cult classic Highlander .

After a TV drama producer heard her demo tape , her song Yubikiri was chosen as the insert song for the Fuji TV Monday drama show Tokyo Wankei ~ Destiny of Love ~ .

These kinds of reef are not found in the rest of the Great Barrier Reef system .

All content for the publication is solicited from the PCLOS user base .

At the 2000 census , the population was 3,782 .

The first was in 1983 in a UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualifying match against Denmark national under-21 football team , which England won 4-1 .

Carrow Road has never hosted a match involving the England national football team , but the England national under-21 football team has played at the stadium on three occasions .

The Columbus Crew are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Columbus , Ohio . They started play in 1996 , and have played in their own stadium , Columbus Crew Stadium , since 1999 .

Stated differently , a common year always begins and ends on the same day of the week .

Aster is a genus of flowering plants . It belongs in the family Asteraceae .

These meditate upon events of Jesus ' life during his childhood -LRB- Joyful Mysteries -RRB- , public ministry -LRB- Luminous Mysteries -RRB- , Passion -LRB- Sorrowful Mysteries -RRB- , and from his Resurrection onwards -LRB- Glorious Mysteries -RRB- .

He was conductor of other great orchestras including the New York Philharmonic and the Houston Symphony , and also conducted orchestras including the London Symphony Orchestra , the London Philharmonic Orchestra , the Berlin Philharmonic , and the Vienna Philharmonic .

King of Arms is the highest rank of officer of arms .

`` Congress shall make no law regarding an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ... ''

If oxygen can enter , the wood might catch fire , and the production would be ruined .

Rio de Janeiro is one of the 26 states of Brazil . Its capital is the city of Rio de Janeiro .

It was the second of two brand only events , the first being One Night Stand in June 2006 .

In 1976 , IMS was renamed to IMSAI Manufacturing Corporation because by then they were a manufacturing company , not a consultancy one .

LÃ 1\/4 nen is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .

In New Zealand , the song debuted at number 38 , the single 's first appearance in other countries chart outside North America , moving to number three the following week .

In 1955 the All-Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference was the political party in power in Azad Jammu and Kashmir .

Daniel Faulkner -LRB- 1955 -- 1981 -RRB- was a Philadelphia police officer who was murdered on December 9 , 1981 , a murder that Mumia Abu-Jamal was convicted of , but which many people think Mumia did not do .

He regularly played football in the backyard with two friends , Nelso and Pierpaolo as a child .

BEWARE : Omit `` px '' from marksize or width or else the map might span entire screen .

In a mainframe environment , to backspace means to move a magnetic tape backwards , typically to the previous block .

The song became the 1000th number-one single in the chart 's history , and the nineteenth song to debut at number one .

The single was produced by Mexican music producer Fernando Garibay as well as DJ White Shadow and Gaga herself . The song is the lead single for Gaga 's upcoming 2nd studio album Born This Way which is set to be released on May 23rd , 2011 .

The town is located on the Szczecin Lagoon , at the border with Germany .

It is bordered by Melrose on the North , Everett on the south , Medford on the west , Revere on the east , and Saugus on the northeast .

From 7 May 2008 to 24 August 2010 Ahlhaus was state minister of the Interior in Hamburg .

Cape Race is a point of land located at the southeastern tip of the Avalon Peninsula , on the island of Newfoundland , Canada .

In places such as the James Range , the Finke flows through deeply incised meanders -LRB- see Google Maps image -RRB- .

The scope of this article is limited to the Pacific Ocean to the north of the equator between 100th meridian east and the 180th meridian .

until he Platov retired from performing in 2002 . He currently coaches at Princeton Sports Center in Princeton , New Jersey .

Radio Disney is a radio network based in Dallas , Texas in the United States broadcasting music and other content targeted at children and young teenagers .

When the depression strengthened to Tropical Storm Chris , Tropical Storm Warnings were also issued for Saba , Sint Eustatius , Saint-Barth Ã lemy , and Saint Martin .

While studying , she also played in Bear 's Kiss , and voiced a character in the Swedish version of IMAX film T-Rex : Back to the Cretaceous .

His scribes do not mention Gandhara or Kamboja ; instead , they name twelve small countries in those territories .

à in Sinhala ; à à à à à à à à in Tamil -RRB- is the largest city of Sri Lanka .

Louis IX of France rebuilt the port in the 13th century . It was the only French port of the Mediterranean at that time .

For example : would create a title List of airports in the United States and a body containing state names linked to List of airports in Alabama , List of airports in Alaska , etc. .

You can enter for this value as a shortcut .

Modern Jujutsu does not look the same as Jujutsu from hundreds of years ago but the idea is still the same .

Roblox users can use Lua 5.1 .

In some cultures a death mask may be a clay or other item placed on the face of the dead person before burial rites .

From 2001 to 2005 , Gonzales served in the Bush Administration as White House Counsel .

The third model , seen in Revenge of the Cybermen , was a much larger , snake-like cybermat that could be remotely controlled and could inject poison into its victims .

They also appeared in the spin-off series Torchwood in the episode `` Cyberwoman '' .

But until then , everyone mostly read and wrote in hanja , so most of the older books in Korean literature are written in hanja .

Clarques is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Zinc ores are the main source of indium .

A castle -LRB- from the Latin word castellum -RRB- is a fortified structure made in Europe and the Middle East during the Middle Ages .

It is a very famous tourist spot .

Enrique Romero -LRB- born 23 June , 1971 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .

Sapignies is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

When he was 14 he went to Copenhagen so that he could become an actor .

He debut in the 2004 â `` 05 season , and he broke his team record for the youngest footballer to scoring a goal .

His patronesses would pick a model , which would then be sewn in fabrics of their choice and tailored to their figure .

He is pleased that Tadzio does not let his mother notice what happened .

A thesis -LRB- plural : ` theses ' -RRB- is a document written in support of an academic degree or professional qualification . It presents the author 's research and findings .

Originally , he had to rescue his girlfriend Pauline in Donkey Kong .

John Macarthur -LRB- 1766 â `` 11 April 1834 -RRB- was a soldier , business man , politician and the man who started the Australian wool industry .

Archie 's first appearance was in Pep Comics # 22 on December 22 , 1941 . This addition was drawn by Montana and written by Vic Bloom .

At the time , however , the area was not so clearly defined and changed frequently .

Fay left $ 560 million in damage and killed 36 people .

On 2 February 1841 , Maryland-in-Africa became the State of Maryland .

In a few special cases , an unreleased album may meet guidelines for an advance article if there is enough verifiable and properly referenced information about itâ '' for example , Guns ` n Roses ' 2008 album Chinese Democracy had an article as early as 2004 .

It crossed the YucatÃ n Peninsula while still a tropical depression from September 27 , then strengthened northward in the Gulf , becoming the most powerful Category 4 Atlantic hurricane before making a second landfall , October 4 , in the Florida Panhandle near Pensacola as a 125-mph -LRB- 201-km\/h -RRB- hurricane .

In 1780 , Wedgwood and Darwin became business partners .

The track layout was inspired from the Chinese character shang -LRB- ä -RRB- . Shang is the first character in the name of the city Shanghai , and means `` above '' or `` ascend '' .

Black is best known for his time in Ring of Honor , where he is a former ROH World Champion .

It was founded by textile traders and merchants . The Guardian was seen as â an organ of the middle classâ , or in the words of C.P. Scottâ s son Ted â a paper that will remain bourgeois to the last .

She has played violin 4th through 8th grade .

In February 2009 , Kara released their second mini-album `` Honey '' .

Common sense must be used , and in particular it must be remembered that anyone can pass themselves off as anyone on the Internet .

The Wikipedia article-edit window is not designed for side-by-side editing : instead , the formatted preview-article is usually on the top-half the page and the edit-buffer is typically far below -LRB- near page bottom -RRB- .

The main market many different types of goods from food to electronic items .

The municipality key has eight digits , which are set like this : The first two numbers tell people what the German state is .

In the late 1920s , the Nazi leader Adolf Hitler often complained that conductors at the Berlin opera were Jews .

NuillÃ - sur-Vicoin is a commune of 1 184 people -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .

There are many different kinds of poker . In draw poker , each player is dealt five cards .

In stud poker -LRB- for example , seven-card stud -RRB- , some of each player 's cards are laid -LRB- face-up -RRB- on the table so that the other players can see them .

At the end of the last betting round , if more than one player remains , there is a showdown in which the players reveal their previously hidden cards and evaluate their hands .

The most common props are balls or beanbags , rings , clubs , and special bounce balls .

They also construct a bolas made of a single thread , tipped with a large ball of very wet sticky silk .

Bailleulmont is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

It is in Zone 2 and has two platforms .

The Category : ISO standards has pages about standards set by the International Organization for Standardization -LRB- ISO -RRB- .

A castle was built in DiÃ sgyÅ ` r -LRB- a town near Miskolc ; it is now a part of the city -RRB- in the 13rd century .

Easter Island a World Heritage Site -LRB- as determined by UNESCO -RRB- with much of the island protected within the Rapa Nui National Park .

Hephaestus married is own Sister Aphrodite .

One by one , each car in the group will return to the lobby floor , open its doors and shut down .

The letter Aleph contains the largest number of articles .

Chanay is a commune .

Organ trios are usually led by the organ player , who is called the leader of the trio .

It is also possible to see quite plainly the negative curvature of the hyperbolic plane , through its effect on the sum of angles in triangles and squares .

Altricial , meaning `` requiring care '' , refers to a group or kind of creature that is incapable of moving around on its own soon after hatching or being born .

VÃ lu is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

She was the only featured singer at the 2009 presidential inauguration of Barack Obama .

Helmut Rahn -LRB- born 16 August 1929 -RRB- is a former German football player .

Hub Airport of Japan ` s flag carrier Japan Airlines .

Furthermore , we pledge that The Political Cesspool will correct any meaningful error or fact .

A vase is a container , often used for flowers .

The hind wing -LRB- bottom wing -RRB- has two rows of spots . The first row is white .

In 1564 , Dee wrote the Hermetic work Monas Hieroglyphica -LRB- `` The Hieroglyphic Monad '' -RRB- about a symbol of his own design which stood for the mystical unity of all creation .

The book was first released on 17 October 2005 in the United Kingdom , and in the United States on 8 November 2005 .

Eminentissimum ac reverendissimum Dominum , Dominum -LRB- First Name -RRB- , SanctÃ RomanÃ EcclesiÃ Cardinalem -LRB- Last Name -RRB- , Qui sibi nomen imposuit -LRB- Papal Name -RRB- .

In May 2010 Google rolled out SSL-encrypted web search .

A Google representative stated , `` It 's in keeping with our vision of a unified Google search experience to make popular , useful features part of the default experience , rather than maintain different versions of Google .

The Australian Constitution does not include a Bill of Rights .

These difficulties led to the failure of several attempts to bring about federation in the 1850s and 1860s .

Forty-four proposals to change the Constitution have been voted on at referendums . Eight have been approved .

This power is not limited by any other part of the Constitution , such as Section 99 that forbids giving preference to one State or over another State .

In human kind , mutual grooming is done to become more close to each other .

She opened her first bordello in 1920 , under the protection of mobster Dutch Schultz and a friend of mobster Charles `` Lucky '' Luciano .

SU Remix -RRB- E. Black Sun Empire - Driving Insane F. Black Sun Empire - The Rat -LRB- Kemal Remix -RRB- G. Black Sun Empire - Stasis H. Black Sun Empire & Stu - Swipe

However , Senna would have had to drop two third places unlike Prost who would only have to drop a fourth and a fifth -LRB- if they both finish in the top 3 -RRB- .

Boutsen won ahead of Senna , Piquet , Patrese , Warwick and Bernard .

When Proserpina could go back to her mother , it was summer .

Broward County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .

Basque has no official standing in the Northern Basque Country of France and French citizens are barred from using Basque in a French court of law .

Emanuel Lasker -LRB- 24 December 1868 -- 11 January 1941 -RRB- was a German chess player , mathematician , and philosopher who was World Chess Champion for 27 years .

It is commonly referred to as only `` Ja , vi elsker '' , `` Yes , we love '' .

The gymnosperms are a group of seed plants which includes conifers , cycads , Ginkgo .

In August 2007 , both Quax and Brown were polling `` neck and neck '' .

His campaign speech focused on delivering public transport , public ownership of the region 's public assets , environmental protection , economic and social development .

It beat the old record from Hurricane Andrew . Katrina left $ 81.2 billion in damage and 1,836 deaths .

That position was abolished in 1947 , and Royall served as the first Secretary of the Army -LRB- a successory position -RRB- from 1947 to 1949 .

When Crane let him back to the table , Moore ran 142 balls .

However , Moore 's health declined rapidly that same year .

Cowboy Jimmy Moore -LRB- September 14 , 1910 â `` November 17 , 1999 -RRB- , born James William Moore , was a world famous American pocket billiards -LRB- pool -RRB- player . He was originally from Troup County , Georgia , and lived for much of his life in Albuquerque , New Mexico .

Saudi involvement in building mosques around the world only goes back to the 1960s .

George Turner -LRB- 2 April 1841 -- 29 Mar 1910 -RRB- was an English landscape artist and farmer . He was also called `` Derbyshire 's John Constable '' .

The BahÃ ' Ã faith is considered apostate in Iran because it believes in a prophet -LRB- BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h -RRB- more recent than Muhammad . This goes against Islamic teachings , which teach the belief that Muhammad is the last and final messenger sent to mankind .

Rully , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

TÃ mea Babos and Sloane Stephens won the title , after their opponents - An-Sophie Mestach and Silvia NjiriÄ withdrew before the final match .

BacÄ u County has an area of 6,621 kmÂ .

Several different kinds of moths are commonly regarded as pests because their larvae eat fabric such as clothes and blankets made from natural fibers such as wool or silk .

They note that by ages five to six , children begin to develop a sense of modesty , and recommend to parents who wish to be sensitive to their children 's wishes that they limit such activities from that age onwards .

Peyzieux-sur-Sa Ã ne is a commune .

The cell used as the donor for the cloning of Dolly was taken from a mammary gland , and the production of a healthy clone therefore proved that a cell taken from a specific part of the body that could recreate a whole individual .

The settlement is first mentioned in writing in 1239 , when villa Nowa -LRB- Nova -RRB- belonged to the VÃ rtes estates of the CsÃ k clan .

Certain traditions that originated in the Byzantine Empire , particularly in regard to icon painting and church architecture , are maintained in Greece , Russia and other Eastern Orthodox countries till now .

Powell began work on his fifth novel , Whatâ s Become of Waring . He finished it in late 1938 or early the following year .

Anagen is the active growth phase of hair follicles .

Green tea is popular in China , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Japan , Korea , and the Middle East .

After the outbreak of the liberal revolution in his lands in 1821 , he abdicated in favor of his brother , Charles Felix .

Schnottwil is a municipality of the district of Bucheggberg , in the canton of Solothurn , Switzerland .

New York wins the series 4 â `` 0 .

Gojra Tehsil is a subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Toba Tek Singh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .

Pelves is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Some duck species live on the South Georgia and Auckland Islands , which are subantarctic .

In 1945 , Parajanov traveled to Moscow , enrolled in the directing department at VGIK , one of the oldest and highly respected film schools of Europe , and studied under the tutelage of directors Igor Savchenko and Aleksandr Dovzhenko .

He was born to Armenian parents Iosif Paradjanyan and Siranush Bejanyan , in Tbilisi , Georgia .

Benchmarking conducted by PassMark Software highlights this release 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 MB memory utilization .

The new baronets had to pay Â # 2000 or to support six settlers for two years .

Other common misspellings include `` equiptment '' -LRB- for `` equipment '' -RRB- , `` independant '' -LRB- for `` independent '' -RRB- , `` readible '' -LRB- for readable -RRB- , or `` usible '' -LRB- for usable -RRB- .

He became a music lecturer and later professor at the University of Cambridge .

Gregory Margovsky was born in 1963 in Minsk .

Regina and Nemenyi had had an affair in 1942 , and he gave her money to help her raise her child every month , paying for Fischer 's schooling until he died in 1952 .

Hayes began a stage career at the age of five .

The molar conductivity of an electrolyte is a measure of how well it conducts electricity in solution . It is calculated by dividing the conductivity -LRB- how well the electrolyte conducts electricity -RRB- by the molar concentration -LRB- how much the electrolyte is diluted : a solution means that it has been dissolved in something else : see solution -RRB- .

Cough suppressants are used if the cough is not productive -LRB- nothing is being coughed up -RRB- .

Furbies sold for over US$ 300 in newspapers and in auctions .

Lafontaine 's political career began locally as mayor of SaarbrÃ 1\/4 cken . He became widely known as a critic of chancellor Helmut Schmidt 's support for the NATO plan to put Pershing II missiles in Germany .

The French emblem is now on their passports .

He played in the NHL for the St. Louis Blues .

Just as in mechanics , the system will tend towards lower values of potential and at equilibrium , under these constraints , the potential will take on an unchanging minimum value .

This led to the creation of the WWE Divas Championship , which was announced on June 6 , 2008 during an episode of SmackDown by SmackDown General Manager Vickie Guerrero .

The World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- Divas Championship is a championship in WWE competed for by divas .

As a result of the WWE Brand Extension in 2002 , the WWE Women 's Championship was made exclusive to the Raw brand .

Field Marshal Douglas Haig KT , GCB , OM , GCVO , KCIE , ADC , -LRB- Edinburgh , 19 June 1861 â `` London , 29 January 1928 -RRB- was the senior British Army commander in World War I.

British Rail 's Class 27 was a diesel locomotive built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company -LRB- BRCW -RRB- during 1961 and 1962 .

Her mother was a niece of Louis XIV .

SNAFU or snafu is an acronym that the United States Military first used .

Jim Carey -LRB- born May 31 , 1974 in Dorchester , Massachusetts -RRB- is a retired American ice hockey goaltender .

The ROC used to govern Mainland China too . Now it is owned by the Communist People 's Republic of China see History and Political problems of China .

p130 , 279 In response , Roman forces were moved downstream , to cross the Euphrates at a more southerly point .

When lead and zinc are taken from their ores , many impurities are left behind . Sulfuric acid is used to dissolve the thallium from it as thallium -LRB- I -RRB- sulfate .

In 1948 Aker was transferred to the county of Oslo .

Berkeley student-athletes compete intercollegiately as the California Golden Bears .

To avoid pacing issues , they split the final part in two , adding several scenes to fill the remaining time .

The gang went east , following the track made by the explorer Charles Hunt .

324 Bamberga is the 16th biggest asteroid in the Main asteroid belt .

It is normally made as a large tart . It does n't have a top crust .

Nominations then reopened , with Tony Brown being the only candidate put forward .

Cetartiodactyla is commonly used because it is thought that whales evolved from the artiodactyls .

Charles Stewart Parnell -LRB- 27 June 1846 -- 6 October 1891 -RRB- was an Irish Anglican politician in the Parliament of the United Kingdom , which was at his time included Ireland . He started the Irish Parliamentary Party .

The Women 's National Basketball Association -LRB- WNBA -RRB- is an American professional basketball league for women .

Potatos are also produced in the south -LRB- Sierra de Neiba -RRB- .

RÃ clÃ re is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .

La Chaux-des-Breuleux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .

Hamilton would be the team-mate of defending double World Champion Fernando Alonso . Alonso had joined McLaren after leaving Renault .

Vonnegut smoked unfiltered Pall Mall cigarettes . He called this habit a `` classy way to commit suicide '' .

In December 2006 John Laing plc was acquired by the Private Equity arm of Henderson Group .

The company has owned 7 subsidiary company which are Hyundai Engineering Co. , Ltd. , Hyundai Equipment & Steel Industries , Hyundai Design , Hyundai Farm , Hyundai CNI , Hyundai Hillstate and Hyundai Education .

Atheist as a label of practical godlessness was used at least as early as 1577 .

Egegik is a city in Alaska .

The function used here is the totient function , usually called the Euler totient or Euler 's totient , after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler , who studied it .

The exact distance from the Sun to the galactic center is debated .

-LRB- So , for example , the first archive a page named Talk : Example will be placed at Talk : Example\/Archive 1 -RRB- .

' , where name is the -LRB- UCI -RRB- - code of the cycling team , and year -LRB- optional -RRB- is year .

Because of this , some flags were in slightly different colors and had the `` C '' wholly within the center stripe .

Brown , who started his professional career with Hibernian , is a regular in the Scottish national team .

In all , the skeleton of Epidexipteryx hui measures 25 centimeters -LRB- 10 inches -RRB- in length -LRB- 44.5 cm or 17.5 in including the incomplete tail feathers -RRB- , and the authors estimated a weight of 164 grams , smaller than most other early dinobirds .

It was released on September 4 , 2000 in the United Kingdom and on May 21 , 2001 in the United States .

It is the site of Narita International Airport .

Muhen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

During her short reign , Jane lived in the Tower of London .

Kristopher Neil `` Kris '' Allen -LRB- born June 21 , 1985 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter . He was the winner of season 8 of American Idol .

James has two tattoos . She has an Asian symbol meaning ` love ' on her ankle and a dragon that wraps around it .

The Maroon Berets are the special forces organization of the Turkish Army .

A general discussion of the use of templates for adding citations to Wikipedia articles is available at Citation templates .

Krall married British musician Elvis Costello in December 2003 .

If the above normal parameter syntax were used , the '' = '' would be understood as an operator , not a parameter .

The article is about the order of chivalry known as `` Star of India '' .

What we see is an RNA-strand being constructed , and hence the exact positions of the DNA , polymerase and RNA during this process '' .

The depression became a tropical storm and was named `` Helene '' .

The island of Padar and part of Rinca were made nature reserves in 1938 .

And thus Russia became the center to the world 's illness ... if for any reason , one nation would endure the existence of a single Jewish family , that family would eventually become the center of a new plot .

One can not expect them to fit into a state that requires order and discipline .

This was often done by following a chalkline .

Many Sami now live outside the Sami homeland , mostly in Oslo and other big cities . Earlier , Sami people were forced to speak Norwegian in school .

Soldier is a city of Iowa in the United States .

Scarbury , undaunted by what happened , stayed in music up through the 1970s singing backup for artists like Loretta Lynn , and occasionally recording his own material .

Pairs of towers on the east and west sides had gates through which the rue Saint-Antoine passed .

It has already started to impact -LRB- indirectly -RRB- scholarship in Eastern and Oriental thought , including research on the impetus of philosophical thinking in the history of ideas in Islam .

Even though Scheler later criticised Husserl 's idealistic logical approach and proposed instead a `` phenomenology of love '' , he states that he remained `` deeply indebted '' to Husserl throughout his work .

In other words , you can have a proper presentation of an object if it is actually present , and an improper -LRB- or symbolic as he also calls it -RRB- if you only can indicate that object through signs , symbols , etc.

Ludwig Landgrebe became assistant to Husserl in 1923 .

The reason why we do not deal with sensible objects in mathematics is because of another faculty of understanding called `` categorial abstraction . ''

However , the numerical star designations in this book are still used and are known as Flamsteed designations .

The last -500 was delivered to All Nippon Airlines on July 26 , 1999 .

After 40 years , the final 737-200 aircraft in the United States flying scheduled passenger service were phased out on March 31 , 2008 with the last flights of Aloha Airlines -LRB- Aloha continues to fly its interisland cargo flights -RRB- .

Claggart returns , and tells Vere that Billy poses a threat of mutiny .

The monsoon trough is part of the Intertropical Convergence Zone -LRB- ITCZ -RRB- which extends into or through a monsoon circulation .

While there are about 6,800 Torres Strait Islanders living on the islands , about 42,000 islanders now live on the mainland .

The shareholders ' approved of the purchase , and it was formally approved by the courts . Abbey became part of Grupo Santander on 12 November 2004 .

The seed of the plant is white and hard oily .

In 1997 Hereford Council lost its status as a city council , and had to appoint Charter Trustees . Its ancient city traditions are recognized and carried on by the parish council , which is lead by the City Mayor .

Luther is a 1928 film about the life of Martin Luther , father of the Protestant Reformation .

Marcelo Rosada Silva -LRB- born 29 January 1976 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .

In his journalistic work , he reportedly ran into problems with the authorities of at least two countries .

Maurizio Giuliano -LRB- born 1975 -RRB- is a person from Italy and England , who travels a lot and wrote books and in newspapers .

In approval voting , each person can vote for any number of candidates he likes . The votes for each of the candidates are counted , and summed up .

On 11 September 1646 Odoardo died .

An image , or image point or region , is in focus if light from object points is converged almost as much as possible in the image , and out of focus if light is not well converged .

The honey badger has a fairly long body , but is thick set and broad across the back .

The other strand is called the coding strand . Its sequence is the same as the newly created RNA transcript -LRB- except for thymine being substituted for uracil -RRB- .

Anthony Stokes -LRB- born 25 July 1988 in Dublin -RRB- is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish Premier League club Hibernian .

A good example is the water lily .

Baldur von Schirach was the Hitler Youth leader . Heinrich Himmler was head of the SS and police .

Alban Berg 's Violin Concerto was written in 1935 .

These are ` industrial ' robots . The military uses robots to find and get rid of bombs .

This eliminates the problem caused by the names dollar , franc and pound being used in dozens of different countries , each having significantly differing values .

Marquette is in the United States of America .

Public , post-secondary education in Alabama is overseen by the Alabama Commission on Higher Education .

Trieste will be connected to the Italian `` TAV railway '' -LRB- High Speed -RRB- network : a 300 km\/hour fast train route is going to connect Trieste with Venice in the next years .

In this episode , Mr. Burns , who is sad because he wishes to pursue many interests , decides to sell the power plant to two German investors for `` 100 million dollars . ''

Lascaux was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Sites list in 1979 .

Ida was found by Johann Palisa on September 29 , 1884 in Vienna .

The following players have also been called up this season .

As the Royal Family had got a lot of public support during the Royal Tour of 1939 , Lord Athlone seemed a very good candidate . He was Queen Mary 's brother -LRB- and thus the King 's uncle -RRB- and a former governor general of another of His Majesty 's Dominions and Mackenzie King advised the King to appoint him .

The Honourable Society of the Middle Temple is one of the four Inns of Court exclusively entitled to call their members to the English bar as barristers . -LRB- The others are the Inner Temple , Gray 's Inn and Lincoln 's Inn . -RRB-

Stan Mikita is the team leader in assists -LRB- 926 -RRB- and points -LRB- 1467 -RRB- , and Bobby Hull is the leader in goals -LRB- 604 -RRB- .

It did not take me long to choose between a sandy berth -LRB- sic -RRB- to the right and a ten-ton truck to the left !

Heathrow is also Europe 's busiest airport for passenger traffic , and handles more international passenger traffic than any other airport in the world .

It was formed from the Cavalry Brigade `` BiaÅ ystok '' , which existed between February 1929 , and March 30 , 1937 .

When electric current flows in a circuit with resistance , it does work .

Glenns Ferry is a city of Idaho in the United States .

It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .

However , the advantage of an extraterrestrial origin of primitive life is that life is not required to have evolved on each planet it occurs on , but rather in a single location , and then spread about the galaxy to other star systems via cometary and\/or meteorite impact .

Bourgon is a commune of 587 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .

That season , Boston won all but six games , finishing with a 38 â `` 5 â `` 1 record , which is the highest-ever winning percentage of any team in the NHL .

desperate to win back his daughter 's love , Homer gives Lisa the one thing she has always wanted , a pony named `` Princess . ''

Before Ghalib , letter writing in Urdu was highly ornamental .

Dalton believed that all atoms of the same element have the same mass. . He said that compounds are formed when atoms of more than one element combine .

None of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with Wikipedia , in any way at all , can be responsible for your use of the information in or linked from these web pages .

The station is in Travelcard Zone 3 .

The 1924 Winter Olympics , officially known as the I Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1924 in Chamonix , Haute-Savoie , France between 25 January and 5 February 1924 . The Games were originally called Semaine Internationale des Sports d'Hiver -LRB- `` International Winter Sports Week '' -RRB- and were held as part of the 1924 Summer Olympics .

Collagen is a group of naturally occurring proteins .

Vince was the 20th named storm and 12th hurricane of the season .

Conservation efforts began in the 1890s , but they were not very successful until the Kakapo Recovery Plan in the 1980s .

He has also played lots of chamber music , often with the pianist Emanuel Ax whom he had met at the Julliard School of Music .

Hydrography 's origin lies in the making of chart like drawings and notations made by individual mariners .

It was her first hit single and got to Number 1 in the Billboard Hot 100 .

The 2002 Commonwealth Games were held in Manchester , England from 25 July to 4 August 2002 .

It is the most built up and biggest urban area in Yorkshire .

Walter Matthau -LRB- October 1 , 1920 -- July 1 , 2000 -RRB- was an American comedy actor , most famous for his role as Oscar Madison in The Odd Couple and his many collaborations with fellow Odd Couple star Jack Lemmon .

K-DST -LRB- Classic rock -RRB- , Playback FM -LRB- Old school Hip-Hop -RRB- , K-Rose -LRB- Country -RRB- , Bounce FM -LRB- Funk -RRB- , K-Jah West -LRB- Reggae and dub -RRB- , Master Sounds 98.3 -LRB- Rare groove , jazz -RRB- , CSR 103.9 -LRB- New Jack Swing and soul -RRB- , Radio Los Santos -LRB- Gangsta Rap -RRB- , SF-UR -LRB- House -RRB- , and WCTR -LRB- News & entertainment -RRB- .

The simplest explanation for the symmetrical punctuations in plasma flow are `` extended arcs or rings of material '' orbiting Rhea in its equatorial plane .

Framingham has three major business districts .

Other Formula One races , which did not count towards the World Championship , also held in 1950 .

After independence , the viceroy in Sierra Leone was the Governor-General of Sierra Leone .

The Magnetic field is the area around a magnet in which a magnetic force is exerted . Moving electric charges produce magnetic fields .

Meanwhile , two stoats at Redwall Abbey kill a Brother of Redwall and run away with the sword of Martin the Warrior .

Newport Pagnell is a town in England .

Lightcurve analysis indicates that Eugenia 's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- -30 Â , 124 Â -RRB- with a 10 Â uncertainty , which gives it an axial tilt of 117 Â .

In 2002 , the interview was named as a possible Hugo Award for Best Related Book winner . It won the 2002 Locus Award for Non-Fiction .

After leaving Asimov 's , he continued as the editor of the series The Year 's Best Science Fiction . This has been published each year since 1984 .

Such chambers may be for special types of cases . Sometimes , the ICJ sets up ad hoc chambers to hear and decide particular disputes .

Opened with the first stage of the line in 1968 , the depot is next to Northumberland Park railway station , on Tottenham Marshes , Tottenham in the London Borough of Haringey .

DrÄ guÅ eni is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .

Species of the genus Tetrastigma serve as hosts to parasitic plants in the family Rafflesiaceae .

The Countess dictates a love letter for Susanna to give to the Count , which suggests that he meet her that night , `` under the pine trees . ''

Cherubino then arrives .

Le nozze di Figaro -LRB- in English : The Marriage of Figaro -RRB- is an opera by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart composed in 1786 .

The Thousand Islands Bridge is an international bridge that goes over the Saint Lawrence River . It connects the north part of New York in the United States with south east part of Ontario in Canada .

The price for an Angara 1.1 flight is expected to be about 20 million dollars .

3 Applications in Psychotherapy Vol .

Zlata 's Diary was a diary made by Bosnia and Herzegovina 's Zlata Filipovic .

Gorillaz are an animated English rock band . The band was invented by Damon Albarn , a member of the band Blur , and Jamie Hewlett , who has worked on the comic book series Tank Girl .

It had all the features of Windows XP Professional , but was made to work on 64-bit computers instead of the older 32-bit computers .

It is the second oldest continuously operating airline in the world .

The month begins on the same day of the week as April every year and also January in leap years .

Colombia signed a Free Trade Agreement with the United States to the opposition of Venezuela .

Emperor KÅ shÅ was the 5th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .

The Saalburg , a restored Roman castellum , now houses a museum .

The first four chapters lay out his case that selection in nature , caused by the struggle for existence , is analogous to the selection of variations under domestication .

Tropical waves in the Atlantic Ocean form from disturbances which drift off the continent of Africa onto the Atlantic Ocean .

Approximately 30 seconds from the end of the song , Noel can be heard singing the chorus from `` Octopus 's Garden '' by The Beatles .

j. `` Publicly Perform '' means to perform public recitations of the Work and to communicate to the public those public recitations , by any means or process , including by wire or wireless means or public digital performances ; to make available to the public Works in such a way that members of the public may access these Works from a place and at a place individually chosen by them ; to perform the Work to the public by any means or process and the communication to the public of the performances of the Work , including by public digital performance ; to broadcast and rebroadcast the Work by any means including signs , sounds or images .

Notwithstanding the above , Licensor reserves the right to release the Work under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any time ; provided , however that any such election will not serve to withdraw this License -LRB- or any other license that has been , or is required to be , granted under the terms of this License -RRB- , and this License will continue in full force and effect unless terminated as stated above .

g. `` Original Author '' means , in the case of a literary or artistic work , the individual , individuals , entity or entities who created the Work or if no individual or entity can be identified , the publisher ; and in addition -LRB- i -RRB- in the case of a performance the actors , singers , musicians , dancers , and other persons who act , sing , deliver , declaim , play in , interpret or otherwise perform literary or artistic works or expressions of folklore ; -LRB- ii -RRB- in the case of a phonogram the producer being the person or legal entity who first fixes the sounds of a performance or other sounds ; and , -LRB- iii -RRB- in the case of broadcasts , the organization that transmits the broadcast .

b. `` Collection '' means a collection of literary or artistic works , such as encyclopedias and anthologies , or performances , phonograms or broadcasts , or other works or subject matter other than works listed in Section 1 -LRB- f -RRB- below , which , by reason of the selection and arrangement of their contents , constitute intellectual creations , in which the Work is included in its entirety in unmodified form along with one or more other contributions , each constituting separate and independent works in themselves , which together are assembled into a collective whole .

Flat , unleavened breads known as roti , lavash , yufka , matzo , and tortilla are used in many parts of the world today .

A special prominence was also attached to this council because the persecution of Christians had just ended with the February 313 Edict of Milan by Emperors Constantine and Licinius .

It is also used for pop concerts and other sporting events .

Its primary use is as the home to Queen 's Park F.C. and the Scottish national football team .

The 1976 final was also held at Hampden , when FC Bayern Munich defeated AS Saint-Etienne .

Kazuyo Sejima and RyÅ `` e Nishizawa started it in 1995 .

The Song of Songs is also known as the Song of Solomon or as Canticle of Canticles .

Reitnau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

A movie projector is a machine that shows moving pictures by projecting them on a projection screen .

`` Parkdale '' , Haines and Shaw finished the CD in April and by this time had found a new label â '' Restless Records , the L.A. indie record company that supported They Might Be Giants , Agent Orange , and The Dead Milkmen .

Breeza is a small village in New South Wales , Australia .

Henry Tilney , to Catherine 's surprise , visits her house , and asks her to marry him , even though General Tilney said no. .

She is the daughter of Asian singing star Teresa Carpio , with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer .

She made her Broadway debut in Rent as Alexi Darling and others , appearing from December 2006 until April 2007 .

Franzobel is the pseudonym of the Austrian writer Stefan Griebl .

The Greater London Authority -LRB- GLA -RRB- controls the 1579 kmÂ -LRB- 610 sq . miles -RRB- of Greater London , England , covering the 32 London boroughs and the City of London .

Kavan traveled extensively during the Second World War , spending 22 months in New Zealand . That country 's proximity to Antarctica informed her writing of ` Ice ' - the post-apocalyptic novel which won her the Brian Aldiss Science Fiction Book of the Year award in 1967 .

It lies 14 miles from Stirling itself , south of Callander , east of Aberfoyle and west of Doune .

Perm 's public transit network includes streetcar -LRB- tram -RRB- , bus , and trolleybus routes .

Wabash is a city of Indiana in the United States .

On 26 February 2007 , Stefanie returned from Cairo where she and her team were extorted by suspected local gangsters .

The Bankstown Bunker was on a TV show called Burke 's Backyard .

Game theory is part of economics .

Lisa Marie Presley -LRB- born February 1 , 1968 -RRB- is the daughter of Elvis and Priscilla Presley .

The plant plays a significant role in traditional Andean culture .

Jade Ewen -LRB- born January 24 , 1988 , in London -RRB- is an English singer and actress .

Festubert is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Susan Brownmiller -LRB- born February 15 , 1935 -RRB- is a radical feminist . She works as a journalist and activist .

The moon is very stretched , with its short axis 0.5 Â 0.1 times the long axis .

Thornton became engaged to her boyfriend of one year , Christopher Carney , a court officer , in December 2009 .

First Aired June 28 , 2010

The WebKit engine has a set of classes to display web content in windows , and implements browser features such as following links when clicked by the person using the web browser -LRB- the user -RRB- , managing a back-forward list , and keeping a history of pages recently visited .

A state religion -LRB- also called an official religion , established church or state church -RRB- is a religious group or creed officially accepted by the state .

It is the opposite of southwest .

Ramen is a Japanese kind of noodle soup .

Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections .

She is best known for her role as Ruthie Camden on The CW 's 7th Heaven .

Electrostar is the name given to a series of related electric multiple-unit passenger trains manufactured by Bombardier Transportation , formerly ADtranz .

Protected pages can only be edited by administrators , some of whom monitor this category and respond to requests .

Thallium -LRB- I -RRB- fluoride , also known as thallous fluoride , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is TlF .

Winona State University is an American public university located in Winona , Minnesota .

Modern Marathi literature also has some great poets and authors like P. L. Deshpande , Kusumagraj , Prahlad Keshav Atre , and Vyankatesh Madgulkar .

He was also a research professor of economics and statistics at the University of Illinois , a consultant to the RAND Corporation for the University of Chicago and a consultant to the U.S. government .

A headband is an accessory that is made to fit over or around the head , usually to hold hair away from the face or sweat out of the eyes .

Toni Turek is a former football player .

According to sound engineer John Kurlander , McCartney said , `` I do n't like ` Her Majesty , ' throw it away . ''

He married Vittoria della Rovere , with whom he had two children : Cosimo III de ' Medici , his eventual successor , and Francesco Maria de ' Medici , a Prince of the Church .

Wapanucka is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .

Saint-Mars-du-D Ã sert is a commune of 169 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .

Together with the twin town of Carrara , Massa is worldwide known for the extraction and production of marble .

It was never released as a single in the U.S.

MouriÃ s is a commune of 2,752 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .

It was later seen in the Zoot suiter of the 1930s and 1940s ; the hipster of the 1940s ; and the beatnik and rock and roller of the 1950s .

The company is well known for its sandal and flip flop selection .

Takaaki Tokushige -LRB- born 18 February 1975 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Tokushima Vortis .

Bridgestone Corporation -LRB- is a multinational rubber conglomerate . It was founded in 1931 by Shojiro Ishibashi in the city of Kurume , Fukuoka , Japan .

Most koalas on the mainland of Australia suffer from the chlamydia disease .

Kensington is a district of West London , England in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea .

On December 15 , 2009 , Lynch received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actress in a Series , Miniseries , or Television Film for her role on Glee .

It was first published in 1997 and describes the changes from night to day and from day to night .

It works closely with the United Nations and other organizations around the world , as well as in Norway .

Collins was the subject of director Neil Jordan 's 1996 film Michael Collins , with Liam Neeson in the title role .

Rhea also starred as Hilda Spellman for the situation comedy Sabrina , the Teenage Witch and replaced Rosie O'Donnell as the hostess for her syndicated talk show -LRB- which was renamed the Caroline Rhea Show -RRB- .

Setting switch to any non-empty value causes the metric value to be displayed first .

A video game based on the movie was released , with Frankie Muniz as the voice of Domino .

She is the wife of the current president of the U.S. , Barack Obama . Michelle Obama is also the first African-American First Lady of the United States .

The Lubwarttower -LRB- Lubwartturm -RRB- is the oldest building in town .

Pashto is also spoken in a few villages on the Line of Conflict with Baramulla .

They are trying to produce a musical called `` Spectacular Spectacular '' , which the owner of the Moulin Rouge , Harold Zidler -LRB- played by Jim Broadbent -RRB- , plans to show at the cabaret . The Bohemians ' leader , Toulouse-Lautrec -LRB- played by John Leguizamo -RRB- , is pleased with Christian 's talent at writing and insists that he write their musical , `` Spectacular Spectacular '' .

For an article about something obviously important , but which was written with too much COI to easily edit , it is often possible to reduce an article to the basic identifying information and then neutral editors can help the article to be improved .

Giancarlo Marocchi -LRB- born 4 July , 1965 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .

Like a great number of women writers at that time , she chose to publish her books secretly . Only among people in the aristocracy , her writing was an open secret .

Therefore , their book offers only facts . It does not offer much interpretation .

Plante was the first goaltender to regularly play the puck outside his crease in support of his team 's defencemen , and often instructed his teammates from behind the play , as the goaltender usually has the best view of the game .

He joined the World Hockey Association , first as coach and general manager for the Quebec Nordiques in 1973 â `` 74 .

There was also a February 2 2007 press release .

Authors are chosen from a list of researchers prepared by governments , other important groups , the Working Group\/Task Force Bureaux , and other experts -LRB- , 4.2.1,2 -RRB- .

Historians say he led the change of New South Wales from a penal colony to a free settlement . This was very important in making the future of Australian society .

A total of 123 football clubs took part in the tournament -LRB- including its qualifying rounds -RRB- .

These power series arise primarily in analysis , but also occur in combinatorics -LRB- under the name of generating functions -RRB- and in electrical engineering -LRB- under the name of the Z-transform -RRB- .

Members of this include Google , HTC , Sony , Dell , Intel , Motorola , Qualcomm , Texas Instruments , Samsung , LG , T-Mobile , Nvidia , and Wind River Systems .

He succeeded his father Childeric I in 481 as King of the Salian Franks , one of two main groups of Frankish tribes , They were occupying the area west of the lower Rhine at that time , with their center around Tournai and Cambrai along the modern frontier between France and Belgium .

In the Vedas , Soma is both the sacred drink and also a god -LRB- deva -RRB- .

Older game systems which attached to a television 's antenna leads required the user to slide a switch on the adapter by hand .

Saint-Laurent-du-Mont is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Stade Municipal is a stadium in Bobo Dioulasso , Burkina Faso .

Jill Bilcock -LRB- born 1948 , in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia -RRB- is a film editor .

The game has been heavily attacked by some critics , who claim that it supports pornography and murder .

It was first sold on January 29 , 1996 .

Davenport is a city of eastern Iowa in the United States .

Improvements in software and hardware , and rapidly-lowering costs , popularized desktop publishing and enabled very fine control of typeset results at much lower cost than the minicomputer-based systems .

After the war , Jacka went back to Australia and started a business , Roxburgh , Jacka & Co. . Pty Ltd , importing and exporting electrical goods .

For phase one of the Madrid expansion , BP Solar is aiming to expand its annual cell capacity from 55 megawatts -LRB- MW -RRB- to around 300 MW .

Bertrancourt is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .

The number of visitors to the reserve is about 2 million per year .

Galecki also dated Kaley Cuoco who is his co-star on The Big Bang Theory .

Unlike latitude , which has the equator as a natural starting position , there is no natural starting position for longitude .

Selby Abbey is an Anglican parish church in the town of Selby , North Yorkshire .

Yoruba is an ethnic group of people living in Africa .

The Prime minister Secretariat National Security Council is a consultative body that is chaired by the President of Pakistan and Prime Minister of Pakistan .

His first taught in a first grade classroom in Sampson County .

For this is what the Lord , the God of Israel says : ` The jar of flour will not be used up nd the jug of oil will not run dry until the day the Lord gives rain on the land . ' ''

This effect does not come into play by going from macro to micro sizes .

Tomlak was drafted 208th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft .

For the first run , heavy rainfall prevented the inauguration , which resulted in two runs , which had to be held on the second day : one in the morning hours and the other during the afternoon , which was , the first time this had happened in a same square , in the same day in Venezuela .

Proselyte , from Greek Ï Ï Î Ï Î Î '' Ï

Article Three says there will be a court system -LRB- the judicial branch -RRB- , including the Supreme Court .

Frauzio was a comic book Brazil floor monthly , created in 2001 by Marcatti distributed by Publisher SCALE .

The Ozzfest leg of the tour is particularly notable since it marked Marilyn Manson 's first performance in Denver , Colorado -LRB- on June 22 , 2001 at the Mile High Stadium -RRB- since the Columbine tragedy in nearby Littleton , Colorado .

She then dated Nicholas Tse in early 2002 , but they split up late that year .

These were supplemented by a 2-4-2T , Lyn , built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works of Philadelphia , USA , as the company realized that three engines would not be enough .

The middle finger -LRB- also called `` the bird '' , `` the fickle finger of fate '' , `` the curse finger '' , or `` the finger '' is a common insulting hand signal in some countries .

In 1987 , Professor Hovannisian was appointed as the first holder of the Armenian Educational Foundation Endowed Chair in Modern Armenian History at the UCLA .

The Cadillac Escalade is a large , luxury SUV .

The three legion numbers were never used again by the Romans after this defeat , unlike other legions that were restructured â `` a case unique in Roman history .

Her father , John Stewart works as a stage manager and television producer .

Area one1 is designed to ensure African-American representation on the council .

It is the home base for Tiger Airways Australia and Jetstar .

After she was married , she was known as Elena Petrovna , Jelena Petrovna , HÃ lÃ ne Petrovna or Ellen Petrovna .

The city is named after Francisco Antonio Salcedo who fought in the northwestern part of the country against the Haitian army during the Dominican-Haitian War after the Dominican independence from Haiti in 1844 .

The competition was then abolished to make way for a further expansion to the UEFA Champions League , with domestic cup winners now gaining entry into the UEFA Cup .

Histones are proteins found in eukaryotic cell nuclei , which package the DNA into structural units called nucleosomes .

Everman appeared in Soundgarden 's Louder Than Live home video .

Waste is used , discarded , and unwanted materials . One also speaks of trash , garbage , rubbish , or junk .

In England and Wales , the only parts of the United Kingdom where the law was in use , no prosecutions of common scolds have occurred for a long time .

The series was created in 1961 by K. H. Scheer and Clark Darlton .

When a bain-marie is filled with water the maximum temperature of the material in the lower container will not exceed 100 degrees Celsius -LRB- the boiling point of water at sea level -RRB- .

The top marine predators , the pliosaurs , grew to the size of killer whales and larger e.g. Pliosaurus , Liopleurodon .

This law also regulates among other , pay , pensions , privilege to refuse to give evidence and the legal position of Hamburg judges .

The best advice is : Do not reveal real-life information about yourself on Wikipedia .

He has won many other awards , such as the Ramon Magsaysay Award , the World Food Prize the Sydney Peace Prize , and in December 2007 the Ecuadorian Peace Prize .

After the War , Yunus returned to Bangladesh and was given a job with the governments ' Planning Commission which was controlled by Nurul Islam .

Other fourth round matches saw Sevastova 's run end against Wozniacki and Makarova 's end against Clijsters , while Petkovic upset Sharapova in straight sets .

In the final Djokovic defeated Murray for his second Australian Open crown in straight sets .

During the first week of the tournament , viewing figures in Australia were down for the second year running .

Bob Bryan \/ Mike Bryan def .

For example , graph 1 above expresses the abstraction `` agent sits on location '' .

An abstraction can thus encapsulate each of these levels of detail with no loss of generality .

The words to the song were written in 1895 by a poet and nationalist Banjo Paterson .

We Started Nothing is an album recorded by Pop duo The Ting Tings .

Collingwood is a suburb in Melbourne , Australia . It was named after Baron Cuthbert Collingwood -LRB- 1748 - 1810 -RRB- , an admiral of the Royal Navy .

BÃ guey is a commune .

Many emoticon artists design their emoticons pixel by pixel .

In most circles it has become acceptable to omit the hyphen , whether a colon or an equal sign is used for the eyes , e.g. : -RRB- .

The parentheses are similarly dropped in the English language context and the emoticons only use alphanumeric characters and the most commonly used English punctuation marks .

As one of the bigger Near Earth Asteroids -LRB- NEAs -RRB- , Eros has played a significant role in history .

It is a resident bird ; most do not migrate .

For example , using :

For example , undenting `` Beethoven '' : Wikicode : : : : -LRB- This is line 1 .

CNN ran a segment criticizing the amount of coverage their competitors gave to the story despite what they characterized as a lack of new items to report , with CNN news anchor Anderson Cooper calling the coverage `` downright ridiculous '' .

Braille can be made using a `` slate '' and a `` stylus '' in which each dot is created from the back of the page , writing in mirror image , by hand , or it may be produced on a braille typewriter or `` Perkins Brailler '' , or produced by a braille embosser attached to a computer .

La RÃ ole is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .

The term is also used of the complete set of chromosomes in a species , or an individual organism .

Atmospheric pressure is measured in hPa . The higher the place is , the lower the atmospheric pressure is there .

Rowley is a city of Iowa in the United States .

People who have Klinefelter 's Syndrome are often called `` XXY Males '' , or `` 47 , XXY Males '' .

Same dog - totally different behavior .

The current law of national symbols , Law on the National Arms , Flag , and Anthem , that governs the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984 .

Open or anonymising proxies may be blocked from editing for any period at any time .

Hertha BSC is a German football club based in Berlin . They started in 1892 .

Forced to mature quickly when his mother Kya was killed in a Fire Nation raid , he cultivated his warrior skills with a militant zeal , while his sister Katara did chores and practiced waterbending .

The toys find themselves at the local landfill and are soon pulled onto a conveyor belt leading to an incinerator .

Ali Al-Habsi -LRB- born 30 December 1981 -RRB- is an Omani football player .

Cowes is an English seaport town on the Isle of Wight , an island south of Southampton .

The first railway station in the Flinders Street site was called Melbourne or City Terminus , and was a collection of sheds .

He wrote it , so what the hell , he 's going to sing it . ''

Palm Springs is a city of Florida in the United States .

Agip was started in 1926 . After World War II , Enrico Mattei was appointed Special Administrator to close down Agip .

The owners of the major railroads met in Chicago to make the Standard Time System .

In the 1830 's , the bell was used as a symbol by abolitionist societies , who called it the `` Liberty Bell '' .

About 2 million individual pieces of glass make up the cathedral 's 128 stained glass windows .

The sources of the Congo are in the highlands and mountains of the East African Rift , as well as Lake Tanganyika and Lake Mweru , which feed the Lualaba River . This then becomes the Congo below Boyoma Falls .

A fourth and final edition of Lyrical Ballads was published in 1805 .

In it , Wordsworth discusses what he sees as the elements of a new type of poetry , one based on the `` real language of men '' and which avoids the poetic diction of much eighteenth-century poetry .

In everyday life , the pascal is maybe best known from meteorological air-pressure reports , where it happens in the form of hectopascal -LRB- 1 hPa = 100 Pa -RRB- .

Port Louis has many historic and colonial buildings .

The drainage basin covers 2,940 square kilometers .

Huxley said `` I will never be a party to enabling the State to sweep the children of this country into denominational schools '' .

Before his post as prime minister , he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs .

Fig Pudding is written using an episodic plot style .

The population of Albany was 1,191 people as of 2000 .

'' ... where two or more persons are bound together for one or more common purposes by mutual undertakings , each having mutual duties and obligations , in an organization which has rules identifying in whom control of the organization and its funds is vested , and which can be joined or left at will . ''

But in some jurisdictions , there is a minimum for the number of persons starting an association , in others the association must register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association 's existence .

The Komodo dragon usually hunts in the afternoon , but stays in the shade during the hottest part of the day .

During World War I , Punnett successfully applied his expertise to the problem of the early determination of gender in chickens .

At the time when it was found , Huya was the biggest and brightest TNO yet found .

He is a pioneer in complex system and nonlinear science .

This measure is different from gross national product -LRB- GNP -RRB- in that GNP = GDP + net income from assets abroad -LRB- net income receipts -RRB- .

Auburn was originally called Federal Grove , during the 1860 's they changed their name to honor Auburn , New York .

Between them , two writers effectively founded the whole genre of the gastronomic essay . ''

Hurricane Lorenzo was the twelfth named storm and fourth hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season .

Another name was found for her was Anesidora , she who sends gifts . This name was found inscribed against her figure on a white-ground kylix in the British Museum .

The Universal Forum of Cultures Monterrey 2007 has 4 Core Concepts .

In 2000 he recorded and produced Ash 's album Free All Angels .

Skew lines are straight lines that are neither parallel nor intersecting .

The first was built in the 5th century BC .

Your sailor Xenia '' .

The word `` claws '' is most often used in reference to an invertebrate .

Seo Jung-Won -LRB- born 17 December 1970 -RRB- is a former South Korean football player . He has played for Korea Republic national team .

Kellner was loyal to the Kaiserâ s regime , but still he welcomed the birth of the German democracy after the war .

A 2005 study stated that `` differential validity in prediction suggests that the WAIS-R test may contain cultural influences that reduce the validity of the WAIS-R as a measure of cognitive ability for Mexican American students , '' indicating a weaker positive correlation relative to sampled white students .

In 2005 he released the critically acclaimed opera , Ã a Ira , which would go on to top the classical charts in America and Britain , as well as joining Nick Mason , Richard Wright and David Gilmour , for an historical performance at the 2 July 2005 Live 8 concert in London 's Hyde Park , Pink Floyd 's first public performance with Roger in 24 years .

An archer is someone who practices archery .

By the time Mario arrives , however , Bowser has taken control of the castle and has kidnapped Peach and stolen the power of the castle . Mario must save the princess and the kingdom before it 's too late .

Brock Trotter -LRB- born January 16 , 1987 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League .

Ibn al-Haytham has been called the `` father of modern optics '' .

Karthikeyan went on to win the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Most Popular Driver Award for the 2010 season . This award is voted on by the fans .

During production , the film was known as Goblins , and some foreign releases of the movie were labeled as such , but upon release in the United States , the title was changed to Troll 2 in an attempt to help sell the film by connecting it to an established horror movie , the 1986 Empire Pictures film Troll .

Hopkin went to Barry Grammar School and then studied at St John 's College , Cambridge , where he was a student of John Maynard Keynes .

Lovins has also advocated a `` negawatt revolution '' arguing that utility customers donâ t want kilowatt-hours of electricity ; they want energy services .

When the blood-red moon appears again , he walks into the pond to try to wash the blood of his body , but he drowns .

She sings , but then notices blood on his hand and elbow ; everyone begins to shout at him , and Wozzeck rushes out .

The Wright brothers , Orville Wright -LRB- August 19 , 1871 - January 30 , 1948 -RRB- and Wilbur Wright -LRB- April 16 , 1867 - May 30 , 1912 -RRB- , are credited for making the first controlled , powered , heavier-than-air flight on December 17 , 1903 .

He was the brother of Rachel Donelson Jackson .

He became a chorister at St Paulâ s Cathedral for four and a half years and then spent the same amount of time as lay clerk at Peterborough Cathedral .

Xenon is a noble gas .

Burglary is against the law .

Additions included an octagon room in the North-East side , where the King regularly had dinner .

The triangular turreted structure was set in a dense plantation of trees and overlooked Virginia Water , a man-made body of water constructed by Thomas and Paul Sandby at the request of the Duke .

The Ferrari theme park , Ferrari World Abu Dhabi . Hotels including Yas Marina Hotel .

Ethology is a combination of laboratory and field science , with a strong relation to certain other disciplines â '' e.g. , neuroanatomy , ecology , evolution .

Now , laser engraving machines are being made and even today the mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality .

Liam Ridgewell -LRB- born 21 July 1984 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for Birmingham City .

Most students learned slide rule use on the linear slide rules , and did not find reason to switch .

Trigonometric scales are sometimes dual-labeled , in black and red , with complementary angles , the so-called `` Darmstadt '' style .

Students also might keep a ten-or twenty-inch rule for precision work at home or the office while carrying a five-inch pocket slide rule around with them .

The card catalog was saved from fire damage and much of the lost book collection was replaced .

Guinecourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

The contract was signed in May 1994 , with the major technology supplier being the ERG Group .

His father , Remzi Zarakolu , was the district governor on that island .

Valeri Bojinov -LRB- born 15 February 1986 -RRB- is a Bulgarian football player .

Pausanias was probably a native of Lydia ; he was certainly familiar with the western coast of Asia Minor , but his travels extended far beyond the limits of Ionia .

It was started in 1988 by joining the Liberal Party , which had been a powerful political party in Britain in the 19th and early 20th centuries , and the Social Democratic Party , which had been formed from the Labor Party in 1981 .

It sold three million copies in ten weeks and was the fastest selling video game of 2006 .

They were also classified as British Rail Class EB1 for a short period of time , although only a single locomotive was completely modified to EB1 condition .

Formed in 1985 , IBMA established its first headquarters in Owensboro , Kentucky .

Upper Carboniferous and Lower Permian insect orders include both living groups and a number of Paleozoic groups , now extinct .

There were 7,998 housing units at an average density of 17 per square mile -LRB- 6\/km Â -RRB- .

They are believed to have enjoyed a happy marriage .

There are two festivals that are considered Sunnah .

The Tulsa 66ers are an NBA Development League team based in Tulsa , Oklahoma , United States .

Consequently , whereas a number of S-types can normally be viewed with binoculars at opposition , even the biggest C-types require a small telescope .

The problem can also be approached in a distributed manner .

Cameron subsequently became a teen heartthrob in the late 1980s , while appearing on the covers of several teen magazines , including Tiger Beat , Teen Beat , 16 and others .

Fogolin gave up the captaincy to Gretzky for the 1983 â `` 84 season onwards .

Anderlues is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .

They had various forms , including ballade , rondeau and virelai . Some composers at the time liked to set popular poetry to music .

A metal can not be used with its metal oxide .

The HSS was banned on 11 June 1941 , in an attempt by the UstaÅ e to take their place as the primary representative of the Croatian peasantry .

The most reliable figures place the number of Serbs killed by the UstaÅ a between 330,000 and 390,000 , with 45,000 to 52,000 Serbs murdered in Jasenovac .

De facto control over this territory varied for the majority of the war , as the Partisans grew more successful , while the Germans and Italians increasingly exercised direct control over areas of interest .

To display just the ratings symbols used by Christgau in print -LRB- without the links -RRB- , use .

MikaÃ `` l Silvestre -LRB- born 9 August 1977 -RRB- is a French football player .

In 1995 , he became conductor -LRB- music director -RRB- of the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra .

In order to support his family he took a job as a writer for the Prussian intelligence agency Centralstelle fÃ 1\/4 r PreÃ angelegenheiten which was meant to influence the press towards a German national cause .

Background : There is a good rationale for the behavior of the system function which actually does the hard work of this template .

There are two kinds of coconut milk : thick and thin .

At the outset of his reign , Commodus , aged 19 , inherited many of his father 's senior advisers .

There are also other places called Dromore Dromore -LRB- Droim MÃ r , meaning `` Big Ridge '' , in Irish -RRB- is a village in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .

These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the eastern Pacific basin .

St. Anthony is a city of Idaho in the United States .

Chauffour-l Ã s-Bailly is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .

His famous series of sixteen great designs for the Apocalypse are dated 1498 .

During his commentary for the 2008 Summer Olympics , Edwards said that during the 1995 World Championships , he felt as if `` he could jump as far as he needed to '' .

Edwards then read Physics at Durham University , attending Van Mildert College .

Shakhriyar Mamadyarov -LRB- born 12 April 1985 in Sumgayit , Azerbaijan -RRB- is a chess Grandmaster .

Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 4 is a 2002 skateboarding game that was developed by Neversoft , Vicarious Visions , Babaroga and Aspyr Media and was published by Activision . It is the fourth game in the Tony Hawk 's series It was released on October 23 , 2002 for the GameCube , Playstation , Playstation 2 and the Xbox and October 28 , 2002 for the Game Boy Advance and August 27 , 2003 for the PC in North America and November 15 , 2002 for the GameCube , Playstation , Playstation 2 , Xbox and November 22 , 2002 for the Game Boy Advance and August 27 , 2003 in the PAL region .

Hauser is a city of Idaho in the United States .

A Mrs. Piozzi wrote in her journal that `` every carriage I meet here has a pug in it '' .

Their feet are not as large as a hare 's foot , but they are not as round as that of a cat , either . They have toes that are split up perfectly , and their nails are all black .

A software developer is a company or person that creates software - either completely , or with other companies or people .

He received his doctorate in 1905 in Munich .

When the Illuminations are on specially decorated trams carry passengers along the promenade and the illuminated area . The area runs from Starr Gate to Bispham .

It was found by N. R. Pogson on April 15 , 1857 and named after the Greek heroine Ariadne .

WÅ adysÅ aw StanisÅ aw Reymont , born as StanisÅ aw WÅ adysÅ aw Rejment -LRB- May 7 , 1867 - December 5 , 1925 -RRB- , was a well-known Polish writer , who won the Nobel Prize in 1924 for his four-volume epic novel `` ChÅ opi '' -LRB- The Peasants -RRB- .

Jason Bonham -LRB- born July 15 , 1966 -RRB- is an English rock drummer who is noted for being the son of Led Zeppelin drummer John Bonham , as well for his own music .

From the statue of Saint Francis of Assisi on top of the church , there is a lovely view of Remagen and the romantic Rhine Valley .

The winning poems are archived in the Library of Vorarlberg .

This is the or article message box meta-template .

He has re-signed for Super Nova Racing to drive in the 2011 GP2 Series season and 2011 GP2 Asia Series season .

Although Silla was founded earlier than Goguryeo and Baekje which coexisted with Silla during that time , it took more time for Silla to build firm structure form of country than those .

However , all versions of the lamrim are elaborations of AtiÅ a 's 11th Century root text A Lamp for the Path to Enlightenment .

Due to inefficiencies such as friction , heat loss , and other factors , thermal efficiencies are typically much less than 100 % .

Replacing Invariant Sections with translations requires special permission from their copyright holders , but you may include translations of some or all Invariant Sections in addition to the original versions of these Invariant Sections .

Zeebra was a member of the hip-hop group King Giddra , which also included DJ Oasis and K Dub Shine .

He was the husband of Joan I of Navarre

The Mount Rushmore Memorial is a part of the United States Presidential Memorial , which covers 1278.45 a and is 5725 f above sea level -LRB- altitude -RRB- .

Traudl Junge -LRB- born Gertraud Humps 16 March 1920 -- 10 February 2002 -RRB- was Adolf Hitler 's youngest private secretary . She was his secretary from December 1942 to April 1945 .

Fossils have been recovered from the U.S. states of Montana , Wyoming , and Oklahoma .

Defenestration is the action of throwing someone or something out of a window .

Lots of people thought that the film was a sleeper hit for its not very famous cast and modest-budget production , while having success and being popular while it was in theaters .

The sixth-season premiere was the first to climb in the ratings year-over-year since the second season , drawing 12.1 million viewers .

At the 2006 Junior Grand Prix Final , she won the competition by getting 28.34 points more than Aki Sawada , who had gotten the silver medal .

As written down in the German constitution , the powers of the vacant office were executed by the current President of the Bundesrat , Jens BÃ hrnsen , until Christian Wulff was elected president on 30 June 2010 .

She also met Nathalie Lemel , another figure active in the commune .

`` Although I ca n't be at the Vale often , my investment is just to say that my heart is still there and I 'm a huge supporter .

This macro is a support macro for .

The word quadrilateral is made of the words quad -LRB- meaning `` four '' -RRB- and lateral -LRB- meaning `` of sides '' -RRB- .

The 2005 Formula One calendar featured a new event in Turkey , just miles from the Europe-Asia dividing line .

Alceu -LRB- born 7 May 1984 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .

He flew from Westfield , New Jersey on August 14 , 1930 to Los Angeles , California in 4 days with a combined flying time of 29 hours and 55 minutes .

Nyon is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .

It can be broken off from a bigger unit for a set reason or -LRB- as often seen in United States Army usage -RRB- can be a permanent unit smaller than a battalion .

He began his training with the Sokil Kyiv junior hockey affiliate , a team which included fellow future Ukrainian NHLer Nikolai Zherdev .

Pirates of the Caribbean is a franchise by Disney . It includes a theme park ride , a series of movies , video games , and novels .

The 1967 stock is now being replaced bit by bit from July 2009 as part of Transport for London 's 5-year Â # 10 billion redevelopment project .

Some works are in Parisan museums , in Blois , and in Grenoble , but especially in private collectors ' homes .

From 1890 on , she lived in Paris and moved in an artistic circle with painters of the `` Ile de la Grande Jatte '' in Montmartre .

It is hosted by Sidney Sloane .

The definition of an essay is vague .

The SS was different from the German military , Nazi party , and German state officials because it had its own SS rank structure , SS unit insignia , and SS uniforms .

For the 2006 season , the fuel was a 90 % \/ 10 % mixture of methanol and ethanol .

He moved the company Akron to Chicago .

Franz `` FrÃ nky '' Schiemer -LRB- born March 21 , 1986 , in Haag am Hausruck , Upper Austria -RRB- is an Austrian footballer who plays as a defender for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga .

In the middle of 2007 , Corn Pops made a new kind of cereal called `` Peanut Butter Pops '' .

Peugeot Partner is a car and van produced by Peugeot since 1996 .

Normally , even rows get a light gray background for striping ; when this parameter is used , the odd rows receive the gray striping instead of the even rows .

-LRB- Arnold did not know that this proposed invasion was a ruse intended to divert British resources . -RRB-

Arnold then returned to the Hudson , where General Gates had taken over command of the American army , which had by then retreated to a camp south of Stillwater .

He then directed the construction of a fleet to defend Lake Champlain , which was defeated in the October 1776 Battle of Valcour Island .

As a result of a clerical error in the parish records , his remains were removed to an unmarked mass grave during church renovations a century later .

Due to difficulties in getting the messages across the lines , neither side knew for some days that the other was in agreement to that offer .

Just before this , the lowest air pressure in the storm was recorded at 986 mbar -LRB- hPa ; 29.12 inHg -RRB- .

The story is about a chihuahua who gets dognapped in Mexico and has to escape from an evil Doberman .

That October , Yahoo !

The Broncos play in the West Division of the American Football Conference -LRB- AFC -RRB- .

It also calls the sub-template .

It is also possible that northern and southern Rockhopper Penguins are separate species .

The climate in middle Europe therefore breeds the best people .

It has a high reputation in technical fields such as electrical engineering or computer science .

Osteichthyes are a taxonomic superclass of fish , also called bony fish that includes the ray-finned fish -LRB- Actinopterygii -RRB- and lobe finned fish -LRB- Sarcopterygii -RRB- .

RCA Victor 09026-62661-2 .

Mario Strikers Charged Football -LRB- called Mario Strikers Charged in North America -RRB- is a 2007 football video game made by Next Level Games and published by Nintendo for the Wii game console .

It is a mixture of textualis and cursiva , developed in the early fifteenth century .

Ebermannstadt is a German town in the district of Forchheim , Bavaria , Germany .

Over the course of World War II , Romania was the source for most of the oil for Nazi Germany . This made it an important target for many bombing raids -LRB- where airplanes attempted to drop bombs on important places -RRB- by the Allies .

These are IaÅ i , Cluj-Napoca , TimiÅ oara , ConstanÅ # a , and Craiova .

Serotonin is produced by pathogenic amoebas , and its effect on the gut causes diarrhea .

He and his wife Tammy have three children .

The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service -LRB- NIFRS -RRB- is the fire service for Northern Ireland , United Kingdom .

This includes the smaller islands thst surrounding the main islands , but are still part of the main island country -LRB- eg . the Republic of Cuba consists of the island of Cuba and several smaller islands around it -RRB- .

The console was released on September 14 , 2001 in Japan , November 18 , 2001 in North America , May 3 , 2002 in Europe and May 17 , 2002 in Australia .

Sex and the City 2 is a romantic comedy released in 2010 , starring Cynthia Nixon , Kim Cattrall and Kristin Davis with cameos by Miley Cyrus , Liza Minnelli and PenÃ lope Cruz .

This includes a puppet show -LRB- to which th stage and puppets are booked , but not the puppeteers -RRB- , a carrot cake -LRB- much to Grandpa Boris ' displeasure , hoping it will be a chocolate cake -RRB- , and a really elaborate invention from Tommy 's dad , Stu -LRB- the Hooverama -RRB- .

Ovarian cancer is a condition which involves different regions of the ovary . Recent evidence suggests the Fallopian tube may be related with ovarian cancer .

Poularde Albufera , -LRB- Chicken Albufera -RRB- is a chicken dish named in honor of the Duke of Albufera . It sometimes credited to French chef Adolphe DuglÃ rÃ , who invented several other dishes .

Dieter Herzog -LRB- born 15 July , 1946 -RRB- is a former German football player .

These tremendous tokens were soon followed by a great famine : and not long after , on the sixth day before the ides of January in the same year , the harrowing inroads of heathen men made lamentable havoc in the church of God in Holy-island -LRB- Lindisfarne -RRB- , by rapine and slaughter . ''

He is a son of FornjÃ t , and brother of Logi -LRB- fire , flame -RRB- and KÃ ri -LRB- wind -RRB- .

On 24 September 1934 , a special SS military unit was made up by a group of a few other Nazi and paramilitary units like units known as SS Special Detachments -LRB- SS-Sonderkommandos -RRB- and the headquarters Guard known as the -LRB- SS-Stabswache -RRB- units .

The unit was called SS-Special Purpose Troops -LRB- SS-Verf Ã 1\/4 gungstruppe -RRB- and was not the police or the Armed Forces but military trained men for the use by the FÃ 1\/4 hrer in war or peace .

css for most of its looks , thus it is fully skinnable .

She attended Taroona High school and then continued her education at Hobart Matriculation College .

Every year , in July , a three-week festival , the Chichester Festivities , takes place . Then in August since 2007 there has been a week long I AM JOY Arts and Music festival held across different venues in the city .

Saint-Martin-du-Mesnil-Oury is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

It runs into a cave .

Northbourne is a village and civil parish near Deal in Kent , England .

Ma la -LRB- ; literally `` numb and hot '' -RRB- , a flavor common in Sichuan cooking , is a combination of Sichuan pepper and chili pepper .

The club became a major force in both Spanish and European football during the 1950s .

People with lung , kidney disease , gout , hyperuricemia -LRB- high amounts of uric acid -RRB- , hemophilia , diabeties or high blood pressure should not take aspirin except on the advice of a qualified medical professional .

The year 1592 -LRB- MDXCII -RRB- was a leap year that began on Wednesday .

Melina won the chance to face Phoenix on the December 29 , 2008 episode of Raw by winning a battle royal .

JBL earned his championship match against Cena after winning a Fatal Four-Way elimination match on the December 29 , 2008 episode of Raw by beating Chris Jericho , Randy Orton , and Shawn Michaels .

With the warlock now dead , the old woman reverts to her true form , that of a young woman .

Until he came of age in 1905 , the Hereditary Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg acted as Regent , Carl Eduard kept using his British title Duke of Albany , but because he fought for Germany in the First World War , he was stripped of his British titles in 1919 .

The final season features 21 episodes , one more than the previous two seasons .

A studio recording was released as a single , and the song has been covered by Aretha Franklin and Donny Hathaway .

In 1961 , Gordy signed Gaye as a recording artist and released The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye .

It is named for the Atlantic Ocean 's Sargasso Sea , which hosts a large amount of several species of Sargassum .

The legitimacy of the idea was supported by the English Wikipediaâ s Reward Board , where interested parties would offer cash rewards or gifts to create or improve Wikipedia articles .

The orbital period is the time taken for a given object to make one complete orbit about another object .

Its capital is JÃ rÃ mie .

He was also a translator .

Instabilities within the disc redistribute angular momentum , causing material in the disc to spiral inward towards the central body .

Aude -LRB- Occitan : Aude -RRB- is a department in south-central France named after the Aude River .

Perchlorate is an ion .

She had four children named John -LRB- Jacky -RRB- Parke Custis -LRB- 1754-1781 -RRB- and Martha -LRB- `` Patsy '' -RRB- Parke Custis -LRB- 1756-1773 -RRB- survived to young adulthood by Custis .

However , in the next two halo games , Halo 2 and Halo 3 , many important alien characters appear .

SCSI is a set of standards for physically connecting and transferring data between computers and peripheral devices , such as a CD or DVD drive .

Under settlement out of total area 93566 a only 5468 a about -LRB- 45 % -RRB- are right free .

Boulbon is a commune of 1,510 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .

FDP uses 10-20 animals to find the dose that produces toxicity signs but not death , and from there predicts the lethal dose .

Tamamo-no-Mae 's body mysteriously always smelled wonderful , and her clothes never became dirty .

Key generation is the process of generating keys for cryptography .

Kanotix 's mascot is a fangtooth .

Would you stand up and throw tomatoes at me ? ''

In many cases this template is used through , which also produces `` class = '' and quotation marks .

Off-stage he prefers to back out of the limelight , an unpretentious guy sharing laughs with his fellow cast and crew .

Some of the contestants in the new tournament mode are based on characters from Bubble Bobble , including variations on a Monsta and a Mighta .

Sollecito was sent to prison for 25 years , and Knox for 26 years .

The last parameter is the year of publication , possibly with a letter suffixed to avoid ambiguity if there are multiple citations by the same set of authors in the same year .

It is the most important yttrium compound and is widely used to make YVO4 europium and Y2O3 europium phosphors that give the red color in color TV picture tubes .

In 1990 he became leader of the Liberal Party , and in 1993 he was elected Prime Minister .

The Coast Guard Air Station Houston -LRB- AIRSTA -RRB- weathered Alicia with minimal damage , and afterwards AIRSTA 's helicopters helped residents with evacuation , supply , and survey flights .

This tunnel is about 1600 m long and about 150 m below ground .

The Joint Security Area is the location where all negotiations since 1953 have been held , including statements of Korean solidarity , which have generally amounted to little except a slight decline of tensions .

There are also two shops , a chemist , a Chinese take away , a butchers , a post office and florist .

She has a dedicated street in LeÃ n city by his contribution to the literature in Leonese language .

This was the first time in Survivor history that the two starting teams were not chosen by the producers .

Livorno inhabitants speak a Tuscan dialect of Italian , called vernacolo .

Many people , including some historians , have theorized that a mysterious hermit , Feodor Kuzmich , -LRB- or Kozmich -RRB- who emerged in Siberia in 1836 , died in the vicinity of Tomsk in 1864 and was eventually glorified as a saint of the Orthodox Church , was Alexander I under an assumed identity .

We can afford to take our time , to consider matters , to wait before creating a new article until its significance is unambiguously established .

Wikipedia is not a competition either .

In its territory lies the AutÃ dromo Internacional de Curitiba .

Le Courrier , founded in 1868 , was originally supported by the Roman Catholic Church , but has been completely independent since 1996 .

Geneva is located at 46 Â 12 ' North , 6 Â 09 ' East , at the south-western end of Lake Geneva , where the lake meets the RhÃ ne River .

The equations result from applying Newton 's second law to fluid motion , with the belief that the fluid stress is the sum of a diffusing viscous term -LRB- in relation to the gradient of velocity -RRB- , plus a pressure term .

In his career , he starred in many movies considered classics and was nominated for five Oscars , winning one in competition and one life achievement .

A new stone building was made for the Big Horn Academy in 1916 . In 1925 the name was changed to the Cowley High School .

Sint-Niklaas is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .

It has different cell types , many peptides -LRB- including vasopressin and vasoactive intestinal peptide -RRB- and neurotransmitters .

The blend of fatty acids exuded by mammalian skin , together with lactic acid and pyruvic acid , are distinctive , and enable animals with a keen sense of smell to differentiate individuals .

Because 28 % of the inhabitants are Pangasinan people , who belong to a different ethno-linguistic group from the Ilocanos .

Webb had already hired a singer called Charlie Linton to work with the band . According to The New York Times , Webb was `` reluctant to sign her ... because she was gawky and unkempt , a diamond in the rough . ''

The center of Henriette made landfall just east of Cabo San Lucas on the afternoon of September 4 with maximum winds near 80 m -LRB- 130 km\/h -RRB- .

The Ministry of Education of Guerrero canceled classes at all schools in the evening and close the port navigation .

The 1987 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15 , 1987 in the eastern Pacific , and June 1 , 1987 in the central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 1987 .

Around 90 % of the city was reduced to ruins towards the end of the Second World War .

Stade de Kadiogo is a stadium in Kadiogo , Burkina Faso .

1994 -LRB- MCMXCIV -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar .

Patina is a coating of various chemical compounds such as oxides or carbonates formed on the surface of metal during exposure to weathering .

Artists have sold or given away USB flash drives , with the first instance believed to be in 2004 when the German band WIZO released the `` Stick EP '' , only as a USB drive .

Capitalization of the parameters is unimportant .

The Second Battle of El Alamein was a great turning point in the Western Desert Campaign of the Second World War .

The team plays its home games in San Francisco , California at Candlestick Park Stadium , while the teams head office and practice areas are located in Santa Clara .

He was the first Filipino Muslim to graduate from Harvard Law School .

Obama received the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize on October 9 , 2009 .

Multiple Index .

By 2005 , some experts maintained that the dangers of ActiveX have been overstated and there were safeguards in place .

To the north is Libya , to the south is the Central African Republic , to the east is Sudan , and to the west are Cameroon , Nigeria and Niger .

Its prefecture is BesanÃ on .

The rate of DNA repair is dependent on many factors , including the cell type , the age of the cell , and the extracellular environment .

However , during his third match , Miller broke his shoulder in a fall .

He signed an agreement in January after refusing to sign a new deal at Wolves a month earlier .

The circuit uses everyday sections of road that circle Albert Park Lake , a small man-made lake just south of the Central Business District of Melbourne .

The articulation of the head is also remarkably flexible , permitting nearly 300 degrees of movement in some species , allowing for a great range of vision -LRB- their compound eyes have a large binocular field of vision -RRB- without having to move the remainder of the body .

Satoshi Tajiri once said that this series is closest to what he imagined the PokÃ mon world to be : `` This is the comic that most resembles the world I was trying to convey . ''

This maximizes parallelism , but also allows use of the extensive cryptanalysis work performed on DES .

Serpent was designed so that all operations can be executed in parallel , using 32 1-bit slices .

The main center of population is the city of Oxford .

The area is known for the concentration of motorsport companies and facilities .

Other kinds have additional ingredients , such as nuts and oatmeal .

Absecon is a city in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .

Cravens Heritage Trains have preserved a three-car unit of 1960 stock . This was the train that ran the final London Underground service on the line .

She then appeared in other very successful musicals such as Lili -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , for which she won a BAFTA Award for best actress , The Glass Slipper -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , Daddy Long Legs -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , opposite Fred Astaire , Gaby -LRB- 1956 -RRB- and Gigi -LRB- 1958 -RRB- .

This problem was extensively debated by Adam Smith , David Ricardo and Karl Rodbertus-Jagetzow among others .

From February of 1990 , he planned and organized the defense of several regions of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh .

iCal supports times zones , i. e : if the function is enabled , and the computer 's time zone changes , all the events in iCal are shifted to compensate for the time zone difference .

The first to be demonstrated working was the Manchester Small-Scale Experimental Machine -LRB- SSEM or `` Baby '' -RRB- , while the EDSAC , completed a year after SSEM , was the first really useful computer that used the stored program design .

Walter Reed Army Medical Center and Bethesda Naval Hospital are among the hospitals visited by the WWE employees .

Some copper sulfide reacts with the copper -LRB- I -RRB- oxide to make copper and sulfur dioxide .

CÃ sar Estrada ChÃ vez -LRB- March 31 , 1927 - April 23 , 1993 -RRB- was the leader of a labor union .

Rakesh Sharma -LRB- born January 13 , 1949 in Patiala , Punjab , India -RRB- was a Squadron Leader in the Indian Air Force , was the first Indian and 138th person to travel in space .

This makes it acceptable to many Arians and Unitarians .

It is used in the storyline for the 2008 film , Fireproof .

This means that the magnetic field lines must be closed loops . Another way of saying this is that the field lines can not start from somewhere .

Google uses it to talk about new web technologies . Google Android , Google Chrome and Google Wave are technologies that have been shown there .

But some statistics have estimated the active editors , during a month , to be less than 300,000 people actively editing articles .

The book\/movie The Da Vinci Code was expanded into more than 12 articles about that single subject .

Its confluence with the Baltoro Glacier is called Concordia and is one of the most favorite spots for trekking in Pakistan since it provides excellent views of four of the five eight-thousanders in Pakistan .

Similarly , The number 1 is the `` multiplicative identity '' for integers , real numbers , and complex numbers .

North of Nicaragua is Honduras and to the south is Costa Rica .

The main person is Ronald McDonald .

highlights that a link points to a PDF document -LRB- on some systems PDF files may take time to download and display within the browser , and their use on many websites is not compliant with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines -RRB- .

The province is bordered on the east by the MarÃ a Trinidad SÃ nchez and SamanÃ provinces , on the south by the Monte Plata and SÃ nchez RamÃ rez provinces , on the west by the La Vega and Hermanas Mirabal provinces and on the north by the Espaillat and MarÃ a Trinidad SÃ nchez provinces .

He fought at Soissons in Picardy , northeast France and at Douaumont , near Verdun .

The elevation is 590 m.

Blocks of 64 bits have been commonly used ; though modern ciphers like the Advanced Encryption Standard algorithm uses 128-bit blocks .

On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and found that were 11,139 people living in Dungannon .

Unlike most other games in the genre , the game also featured a completely original soundtrack and a good plot .

The eye may also represent secrecy , again playing on the ambiguous lack of detail about the man or the narrator .

Almost all of the city 's once 7,000-strong Jewish people were murdered in German concentration camps .

To avoid this situation , use :

The UMP generally supported the policies of President Jacques Chirac .

Piper won the Most Popular Actress category at the 2005 and 2006 National Television Awards for her work on Doctor Who .

The founder of Futurism and its most influential personality was the Italian writer Filippo Tommaso Marinetti .

Artur Schnabel -LRB- April 17 , 1882 -- August 15 , 1951 -RRB- was an Austrian classical pianist , composer and teacher .

on Fridays before the United States due to the time difference .

On April 20 2007 , SmackDown !

Presocial behavior is much more common in the animal kingdom than complete eusociality .

Travira 's aircraft are used by big mineral companies including ExxonMobil and West Natuna Consortium . They are also used by mining companies in Sumbawa and East Kalimantan .

Starting in 2010 , Youth Games will help to develop young athletes for the Olympic Games . Athletes between the ages of 14 and 18 will compete .

The 727 design included high-lift devices on its wing , giving the plane more lift , which makes it fly . This made it one of the first jet planes able to be able to take off from shorter runways .

The zoo is owned by the City of Lansing , and operated by Ingham County .

Until 1970 , Oman used the plain red banner of the indigenous people , the Kharijite Muslims .

Kijiji 's owner eBay is also a minority shareholder in Craigslist .

Wheaton is a city of Illinois in the United States .

Gex is a commune .

The community of Bells Corners borders the inner side of the Greenbelt .

Modern Kanata is largely the creation of Bill Teron , a developer and urban planner who purchased over 3,000 acres -LRB- 12 km2 -RRB- of rural land and set about building a model community .

At 4:00 a.m. -LRB- Local Time -RRB- , they reached the main road near Seven Mile Ford , Virginia where Breckinridge waited for daylight before continuing .

He says that he now has to return to his home . He had only stayed so long so that he could prove that Elsa was innocent .

Marco reached its peak strength with winds of 65 miles per hour -LRB- 100 km\/h -RRB- on October 7 . Marco hit land near Misantla , Veracruz .

In 1930 , the city of Santo Domingo was almost completely destroyed by a hurricane called San ZenÃ n. Rafael Trujillo rebuilt the city and named it Ciudad Trujillo after himself . After his assassination in 1961 , Ciudad Trujillo became again Santo Domingo .

A rhombus is a parallelogram -LRB- four-sided polygon where opposite sides are parallel -RRB- with all sides equal in length .

A rhombus is a parallelogram -LRB- four-sided polygon where opposite sides are parallel -RRB- with all sides equal in length . A rhombus with all angles equal is called a square .

Critics were positive towards the song .

Chavannes-sur-Reyssouze is a commune .

A plane is a tool for shaping wood .

Planes are used to flatten , reduce the thickness of , and impart a smooth surface to a rough piece of lumber .

Deloraine is a farming town in the Canadian province of Manitoba .

The two bodies orbit around the same center of mass which lies in the space between them .

Ionia was a region in the west of Asia Minor in Ancient Greek times .

A press conference was held on February 1 , 2010 at the Georgia Dome to officially announced the event for Atlanta ; this will be the first WrestleMania to be held in the state of Georgia .

By June 20 2006 over 500 million games of Halo 2 had been played over Xbox Live .

Bates and Wallace sailed from Liverpool in April 1848 , arriving in ParÃ -LRB- now BelÃ m -RRB- at the end of May .

In The Netherlands Punch is called Jan Klaassen and Judy is Katrijn ; in Denmark Mester Jackel ; in Italy Pulcinella -LRB- with Teresina as the female part -RRB- ; in Russia Petruschka ; in Romania Vasilache ; and in France Polichinelle .

Nudibranchs with smooth or warty backs have no visible gill mechanisms and respiration may take place directly through the skin .

Old Trafford is a football stadium in Manchester in England .

You 're the only one and I do n't think you 'll last very long . ''

Later he returns to adult state , realizing that Hippolyta is right and that his attitude toward women is wrong , he tells her that he can change .

After the Hydra is destroyed a peacock feather remains in its place , Hercules tells Iolaus that Hera is responsible for the Hydra .

Ville Valo -LRB- born November 22 , 1976 -RRB- is a Finnish baritone singer and songwriter . He is the lead singer in the Finnish rock band HIM .

Producers who use the term `` bisexual porn '' are usually showing what a bisexual or bi-curious man might wish to see . Sex acts between a man and a woman , as well as between two men .

It is quite big being 30-40 km in diameter , and would be a sizeable asteroid by itself .

Apart from public health concerns , the Nazis were heavily influenced by ideology ; specifically , the movement was influenced by concepts of racial hygiene and bodily purity .

The Lamborghini Countach is a sport car that was built by Lamborghini from 1974 to 1990 .

Dieter MÃ 1\/4 ller -LRB- born 1 April , 1954 -RRB- is a former German football player .

Harris Scarfe has stores located in most Australian states . In New South Wales and the ACT they used to trade as Allens . -RRB- .

The first theme music used on the show from 1952-1961 was `` Plink , Plank , Plunk ! ''

Saint-Seurin-de-Bourg is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .

Creates a Google custom search link , which searches one site -LRB- and , optionally , pages with URLs containing one directory path in the site -RRB- .

He was appointed Shadow Minister for Higher Education on 9 December 2005 by new Conservative Leader David Cameron , and resigned as editor of The Spectator soon afterwards .

Together with Hydra , Pluto 's third moon , the initials are those of the New Horizons probe .

Therefore he citicized bureaucracy in one of his best-known works , the letter Å ikÃ cents yetnÃ cents me -LRB- Ø Ú Ø Ù Ø Ù Ø Ù

The Blake River Megacaldera Complex is a giant caldera cluster that spans across the Ontario-Quebec border in Canada .

Shanee is a 1989 Pakistani film starring Babra Sharif , Sheri Malik and Ghulam Mohiuddin and directed by Saeed Rizvi .

Other producers include Frank Marshall , Kathleen Kennedy , Sam Mercer and Scott Aversano .

The convention is about what is a state and what rights and duties it has .

The music video was released on iTunes on 8 February 2011 .

The Albion Hotel , once a Cobb and Co. stage coach rest stop , has tunnels underneath it . These were used to take gold and money to and from the banks and stop it from being stolen .

An increase in air pressure increases the boiling point ; a decrease decreases the boiling point .

Robert Walpole , 1st Earl of Orford was born in Houghton , Norfolk on 26 August 1676 . He died on 18 March 1745 .

Eudibamus is claimed to be the first bipedal vertebrate .

His Holiness Tenzin Gyatso is the fourteenth Dalai Lama . His full name is Jetsun Jamphel Ngawang Lobsang Yeshe Tenzin Gyatso -LRB- born Llhamo DÃ ndrub on 6 July 1935 in Qinghai -RRB- , is the fourteenth and current Dalai Lama .

This separation between the two basins is convenient , however , as tropical cyclones rarely form in the central north Pacific and few ever cross the dateline .

DÃ dougou is a city in Burkina Faso .

Eight years teaching in New Zealand led to a position as the head teacher of St Patrick 's School in Lawrence , Otago , and he moved there from Invercargill in 1874 .

The self-titled debut album `` Bon Jovi '' was released in 1984 .

This is the final stage in the viral life cycle .

Charles Anderson Dana Charles Dana , editor of the New York Sun , attacked The World and said Pulitzer was `` deficient in judgment and in staying power . ''

Soy sauce -LRB- US -RRB- or soya sauce is a fermented sauce made from soy beans -LRB- soya beans -RRB- , roasted grain , water and salt . It is commonly used in Asian cuisine and appears in some Western cuisine dishes , especially as an ingredient in Worcestershire sauce .

CSS was designed by the W3C , and is supported well by most modern web browsers . The current version of CSS is CSS 2 .

Peynier is a commune of 2,900 people -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It is found in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .

This template rounds up a numeric value to a limited number of decimal places .

This might be interpreted as : with probability 0.95 we will find a confidence interval in which we will meet the parameter Î 1\/4 between the stochastic endpoints

For example , say a study is conducted which involves 40 statistical tests at 95 % confidence , and which produces 3 positive results .

Bertha made a second landfall in Texas and died only ten hours after .

Bertha was only one of three storms to make landfall in both Texas and Louisiana , the other two were Allison in 2001 and Fern in 1971 .

Ptolemy XIII sent Pompey 's head to Caesar in an effort to win his favor , but Caesar was not pleased with the gift .

They started the band Tool in 1990 .

Myriapods have a single pair of antennae and , in most cases , simple eyes .

The Berwickshire News is a newspaper in the county and many groups keep `` Berwickshire '' in their titles .

The area between Amsterdam , Haarlem and Leiden was , in prehistoric times swampland and small lakes .

The inhabitants took their collections of ` souvenirs ' with them .

Between these two styles is the Transitional style , and this is the way the nave was built .

The capital of Olt County is Slatina .

The center , which still had its medieval character until then , was almost levelled .

Adasaurus is unique among dromaeosaurids in having much smaller sickle claws on its feet .

In 1925 , when he first proposed an agreement with France , he made it clear that in doing so he intended to `` gain a free hand to secure a peaceful change of the borders in the East and -LRB- ... -RRB- concentrate on a later incorporation of German territories in the East '' .

Gustav and KÃ the had two sons , Wolfgang and Joachim Stresemann .

Stresemann later wrote : `` Chamberlain had never been our friend .

He shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1926 .

The Western Isles became part of the SuÃ reyjar kingdom of the Norse , who ruled for over 400 years until sovereignty was transferred to Scotland by the Treaty of Perth in 1266 .

This template is used in hundreds of articles .

It is the fourth largest lake in the country . The German name is VierwaldstÃ ttersee which means : `` Lake of the Four Forested Cantons '' .

Mao 's supporters were jailed , and Deng Xiaoping , who followed Mao , changed Mao 's policies so that Chinese people could have more private ownership .

Nothing is known about Gilles until 1419 , when he became organist at the church of Ste . Waudru in Mons .

An asteroid , 3936 Elst , was named after him .

`` Wibbling Rivalry '' is the title of a single released under the name `` Oas \* s '' by the Fierce Panda record label in 1995 .

It quickly grew in number of believers and influence over a few decades , and by the 4th century had become the dominant religion in the Roman Empire .

As it approached , it sucked the water out of the bay , causing the Manatee River to be so low you could walk a horse across it .

A second North Carolina hurricane hit Ocracoke , North Carolina on August 24 , drowing livestock and washing away homes .

The first season ended its run on March 29 , 2008 .

Lockon Stratos Born Neil Dylandy , Lockon decided to join Celestial Being after losing his parents and little sister to terrorists in Ireland ; because of this , he loathes terrorists .

Due to his previous religious brainwashing -LRB- and awakening from it -RRB- , Setsuna no longer believes that God exists .

In 1949 , after Korea ` s 1945 liberation , Incheon City reorganized and Incheon City finally renamed to Incheon Metropolitan City in 1995 .

The International Society for Cryptozoology uses the Okapi as its symbol , because the Okapi was unknown for a long time .

Eight teams were from the QJHL and two from the MMJHL and another team came from a town in Ontario on the Ontario-Quebec border .

F. W. Murnau made a film called The Grand Duke 's Finances -LRB- German : Die Finanzen des GroÃ herzogs -RRB- that was based on of Heller 's novel with the same name .

Furthermore , after the war was created the Free Territory of Trieste in north-western Istria : in the years following the division of the territory between Italy and Yugoslavia , up to 40,000 Istrian Italians chose to leave the Yugoslav `` B zone '' and move to the `` A zone '' or Italy for various reasons - some were intimidated into leaving and some simply preferred not to live in Tito 's Yugoslavia .

In the United States and Canada , there is another system of standard paper sizes .

`` Every stenographic report , good , bad and indifferent -LRB- poor -RRB- , says ` that the nation shall , under God , have a new birth of freedom . '

The office , in one form or another , is older than both the United States Constitution and the United States Declaration of Independence .

In the later period of the Han dynasty , Gao Shun served LÃ 1\/4 Bu . He grew to be known as one of LÃ 1\/4 Bu 's best commanders .

It is the home of Texas Tech University .

The London County Council Tramways was a large network of public street tramways . They were formed in 1899 .

New Year 's Eve is the holiday before New Year 's Day , on December 31 , the last day of the current year .

The Parks department is also in the process of adding an additional park to the city , to be named Teloh Calapooia Park .

The city hall houses the city managers officer , Finance office , Community development office , public works-engineering office , parks and recreation department officer , and the fire administration office .

During 1853 â `` 1854 , residents of the east side of Albany persuaded the Oregon Legislative Assembly to name both town Takenah .

In 2001 Burton was elected into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .

The tenth match of the event was the encounter of The Undertaker and Kane , which would be Undertaker 's first match since he was buried alive at Survivor Series 2003 .

The event was the third WrestleMania at Madison Square Garden , but the fourth to take place in the New York metropolitan area -LRB- after WrestleMania I , WrestleMania 2 , and WrestleMania X -RRB- .

Like the other books in the series , The Titan 's Curse is of the fantasy genre , using the concepts of ancient Greek mythology in a modern setting .

Their crest has yellow and black spots .

The word is used in a broad sense to encompass a number of such types of places of interment or , occasionally , burial , including :

In many non-Western cultural contexts , such as Afghanistan , Vietnam , and China , it is also important to find `` win-win '' solutions ; however , getting there can be very different .

George Mason Universityâ s Institute of Conflict Analysis and Resolution offers undergraduate , certificate and masters programs in Conflict Analysis and Resolution and a Ph. D. program in The Philosophy in Conflict and Conflict Resolution .

For two years , Park served as part of the 15th Security Battalionâ s signals unit .

SS Yongala was a passenger ship that sank off Cape Bowling Green on 23 March , 1911 on its way to from Melbourne , Australia to Cairns she entered into a cyclone and sank without a trace south of Townsville .

Time is not considered in Eriugena 's definition ; thus , his definition includes everything that exists , has existed and will exist , as well as everything that does not exist , has never existed and will never exist .

At this stage , the matter in the universe was mainly a hot , dense plasma of negative electrons , neutral neutrinos and positive nuclei .

Messon is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .

Meredith Monroe -LRB- born December 30 , 1968 -RRB- is an American actress She is best-known for her role as Andie McPhee on Dawson 's Creek from 1998 to 2000 .

The number of clans varies by nation , currently from three to eight , with a total of nine different clan names .

Comparing the magnetic fields of the two planets , scientists think the extreme course may be characteristic of flows in the interior of the planet and not the result of Uranus ' sideways rotational movement .

He was having an affair and divorcing his wife at the time .

Jimmie Johnson won the 2010 Sprint Cup .

-LRB- -LRB- Image : Debbie Reynolds Allan Warren . jpg thumb -LRB- 257x428 -RRB- px right Debbie Reynolds -RRB- -RRB- Mary Frances Reynolds , better known as Debbie Reynolds , is an American actress and singer .

Princeton University is a private university that is in Princeton , New Jersey in the United States .

The ship finally cleared the storm without capsizing by noon , and finally got to see a sunset by the evening of the 29th -LRB- from Chronicles of the Frigate Macedonian 1809-1922 p. 129-139 -RRB- .

Interestingly , it appears to have been lured northward by an unusual June snowstorm across New England .

The cyclone then recurved between the United States East coast and Bermuda by September 25 .

Queries the server to see if the clients in the space-separated list are currently on the network .

Trace a path across the IRC network to a specific server or client , in a similar method to traceroute .

It limits at the north with the Province of Tacna in Peru ; at the south with the Province of Tamarugal , in the Region of TarapacÃ ; at the east with the Province of Parinacota ; and to the west with the Pacific Ocean .

Like this , Control engineering has a lot if fields that include science , finance management , and even human action .

Mallory and his climbing partner Andrew Irvine both disappeared somewhere high on the North - East Ridge in an attempt to get to the top .

Three of the novels received the Locus Award for best science fiction novel : Hyperion -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , The Fall of Hyperion -LRB- 1991 -RRB- and The Rise of Endymion -LRB- 1998 -RRB- .

The first motorsports event at the track consisted of 7 motorcycle races , sanctioned by the Federation of American Motorcyclists -LRB- FAM -RRB- , on August 14 , 1909 .

The Suwannee River forms the entire eastern border .

There were 2,660 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile -LRB- 2\/km Â -RRB- .

From 1997 to 2002 Boutros-Ghali was Secretary-General of La Francophonie , an organization of French-speaking nations .

Her most recent album is Live at the Troubadour , which she made with James Taylor . This album was # 4 on the charts in its first week , and has sold over 400,000 copies .

Glenn Beck -LRB- born February 10 , 1964 -RRB- is a conservative radio and television show host .

In many armies the military engineers are also called pioneers or sappers .

The Philadelphia 76ers -LRB- or Sixers for short -RRB- are a professional basketball team in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .

Lolol is a Chilean commune in the Province of Colchagua , O'Higgins . The town was founded in 1830 .

A solstice is an astronomical event that happens twice each year when the Sun 's apparent position in the sky reaches its northernmost or southernmost point .

In 2008 Liam Gallagher said this about the song : `` I ca n't fucking stand that fucking song !

These bus routes are operated with a London Service Permit issued by Transport for London , and are generally routes from towns just outside the Greater London boundary to destinations within .

Recent editors include Peter Blunden , Simon Pristel , Phil Gardner and Bruce Guthrie .

Before meeting Hitler , to appease the public , PaveliÄ published the `` Important Government 's Announcement '' -LRB- Â '' VaÅ 3\/4 na obavijest VladeÂ `` -RRB- in which he threatened those who were spreading the news `` about non-existent threats of disarmament of the Ustashe units by representatives of one foreign power , about the Croatian Army replacement by a foreign army , about the possibility that a foreign power would seize the power in Croatia ... '' -LRB- Hrvatski narod , September 3rd , 1942 . -RRB-

The British Army then turned over a number of them to the partisan forces .

Glendale is the home to the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFL -RRB- .

Many school districts serve the city of Glendale .

Sadova is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .

The others are Bart Starr in 1966 , Terry Bradshaw in 1978 , Joe Montana in 1989 , Emmitt Smith in 1993 , and Steve Young in 1994 .

Released on January , 1983 through A&M Records , the album became a big hit in Canada when it was released . Outside Canada and the United States the album did n't do so good .

The church , although legally a cathedral , differs in certain ways from most of the other cathedrals in England . It is also used as a parish church , of which the Dean is rector .

The date of Alban 's execution is a matter of some debate , and is generally given as circa 250 -- scholars suggest dates of 209 , 254 or 304 .

Local residents often call it `` the Abbey '' , although the present cathedral represents only the church of the old Benedictine abbey .

Below the crossing tower special large stones were used .

Nordic skiing is a sport in the Winter Olympics . It is like uphill skiing .

The accordion was invented in 1822 in Germany by Friedrich Buschmann .

The only baseball figure to attend the funeral was Bob Cain , the pitcher who had walked him .

The cells that react to a given hormone have special receptors for that hormone . When a hormone attaches to the receptor protein a mechanism for signalling is activated .

Fossil adult baleen whales did have teeth , but modern adults have only baleen .

Players are awarded 5 points for a game win and the loser is awarded points based on the score achieved : 3 for deuce , 2 for 30 and 1 for 15 .

The band changed its name to `` Keane '' .

Hans Gillhaus -LRB- born 5 November 1963 -RRB- is a former Dutch football player .

Roberto AgustÃ n Trujillo -LRB- born October 23 , 1964 -RRB- is an American musician who is most famous as the bass player for Metallica .

Big ocean ships can get up the river until Manaus , which is almost 1500 kilometers from its mouth .

Diatom cells are encased within a unique cell wall made of silica -LRB- SiO2 -RRB- .

Queen + Paul Rodgers was a rock band formed by Brian May and Roger Taylor , formerly of Queen , and Paul Rodgers of Bad Company , Free and The Firm .

He then proceeded to harass ships off the Italian coast .

In 2007 , he had vocal problems which threatened his career , and was told by doctors to rest his voice by not speaking for two months .

Percy is played by the actor Logan Lerman in the movie Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief , a movie of the first book in the series , The Lightning Thief .

Also , there was a report of 45 mph -LRB- 75 km\/h -RRB- winds over Bermuda .

Cruck Cottage can be architecturally dated to being around 800 years old and as such is -LRB- possibly -RRB- the oldest house in South Oxfordshire .

Following a local legend Oliver Cromwell addressed the villagers on his way to his niece 's wedding , in neighbouring Little Wittenham .

Community first aired on September 17 , 2009 , at 9:30 PM -LRB- EST -RRB- .

In the Dominican Republic , officials opened shelters in 15 provinces , with citizens in low-lying areas recommended to stay elsewhere during the passage of the storm ; citizens in 22 communities were evacuated .

In 1927 , the family moved to East St. Louis .

The order Ciconiiformes has included a variety of large , long-legged wading birds with large bills : storks , herons , egrets , ibises , spoonbills , and several others .

Technically , `` Grand Central Station '' is the name of the nearby post office , as well as the name of a previous rail station on the site , and is also used to refer to a New York City subway station at the same location .

In 1938 , with the city under Japanese control , Norwood Francis Allman -LRB- 1893-1987 -RRB- , an American lawyer who had been U.S. Consul in Shanghai in the early 1920s , was asked by the paper 's Chinese owners to take over as editor ; Time wrote in 1940 : `` A fluent Chinese linguist , Allman reads every story that goes into Shun Pao , writes editorials , corrects editorials written by staff members .

South Africa is next to Namibia , Botswana , Zimbabwe , Mozambique , Lesotho and Swaziland .

It has mostly high temperatures , and is also the location of subtropical agriculture .

This area is popularly known as the Garden Route .

Over the years , the league has evolved from a small league consisting of only eight teams to two divisions .

G.P. Joshi , the program coordinator of the Indian branch of the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative in New Delhi comments that the main issue at hand concerning police violence is a lack of accountability of the police .

Many cheap handles are made of unfinished wood ; better quality handles are of finished wood .

Sergio AgÃ 1\/4 ero -LRB- born 2 June 1988 -RRB- is an Argentine football player .

He is best known for his starring roles in Funny People , Shopgirl , Spun , Rushmore , I Heart Huckabees , Marie Antoinette , and The Darjeeling Limited , a film he also helped write .

In 1936 , some rich residents of Long Island , such as E. Roland Harriman , asked Grumman to build them an aircraft . They would use this aircraft to fly to New York City .

Manuel JimÃ nez Abalo -LRB- born 27 October , 1956 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .

Males had a median income of $ 26,694 versus $ 17,863 for females .

About 14.50 % of families and 19.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 23.90 % of those under age 18 and 16.10 % of those age 65 or over .

The Supreme Court of the United States heard arguments in the appeal of the case on March 1 , 2010 .

Dandurand was also a boxing and wrestling promoter in Montreal and a director of the Montreal Royals baseball team .

In November 1828 , Hume journeyed with Charles Sturt into western New South Wales , where they discovered the Darling River .

As such communes were sometimes accepted , and other times not by the Church and King .

Chiba also has the second-highest farming output in Japan .

If someone has HIV they are called HIV positive .

In February , she hosted an Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences 's ceremony .

One example that can be found in the West is kanikama -LRB- also known as kani kamaboko -RRB- , or imitation crab . This variation of surimi is quite common in the West as it is a cheap substitute for real crab meat .

A supercentenarian is a person who lived to be 110 years old or more .

The CBSO has made many recordings for EMI Classics and Warner Classics , as well as smaller labels .

Captain America is a fictional superhero from the Marvel Comics .

A new slide would trigger a very large tsunami which would be devastating for the coast areas around the North Sea and the Norwegian Sea .

Bourg-Saint-Christophe is a commune .

There are eight expansion packs in total .

Schaunard , the musician of the group , arrives with food , firewood , wine , cigars , and money . He tells his friends that he has got these things because he has a job with an English gentleman .

Kyoto -LRB- ä é 1\/2 -RRB- is a city in Japan .

Coldplay spent most of 2004 out of the spotlight , taking a break from touring while recording their third album .

Another feature of the work is that Thucydides writes dozens of speeches of the most important figures who were engaged in the war .

Abruzzi Glacier is a glacier in the north of the Baltoro Kangri peak in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .

The population is 54 % urban .

Where , grave , thy victory ?

Snooker is a billiards sport for two players . It is played on a large -LRB- 12 ' Ã -- 6 ' -RRB- table that is covered with baize and has pockets in each of the four corners and in the middle of each of the long side cushions .

Rise Against then went on a North American tour with other bands such as Rancid , Billy Talent , Killswitch Engage , and Riverboat Gamblers in June and July 2009 .

It is about 15 km north-west of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck .

Shota Kimura -LRB- born 17 October 1988 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Matsumoto Yamaga .

The Grand Olympic Auditorium is the old name of a sports arena in Los Angeles , California , United States , located at 1801 S. Grand Avenue .

Roubion is a commune .

At least 40 people were evacuated from Chinchilla .

The study also indicated that this would be more helpful than ejaculation through sexual intercourse because intercourse can transmit diseases that may increase the risk of cancer instead .

If she has intercourse with more than one male , it favors the chances of one or the other male 's sperm reaching her egg .

A remnant circulation aloft persisted , however , and was likely responsible for a period of near hurricane-force winds observed at the NWS Cedar City , Utah Doppler weather radar .

Gas metal arc welding -LRB- GMAW -RRB- : GMAW is also known as MIG -LRB- metal\/inert gas welding -RRB- .

Euston is the main rail gateway from London to the West Midlands , the North West , North Wales and Scotland .

Takanuva , with the help of the remaining uncorrupted Av-Matoran , returned the Shadow Matoran to their previous states .

Takutanuva then proceeded to open the door to the city of Metru Nui , allowing the Matoran and Toa through .

Meanwhile , Makuta created and sent out six creatures called Rahkshi to find the mask and stop the coming of the Toa of Light .

Constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy were in their infancy during Locke 's time .

Celibidache died near Paris in 1996 at 84 .

United Nations calls the Republic of Macedonia , `` the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia '' -LRB- FYROM -RRB- .

Ian Stuart Donaldson , singer of the band Skrewdriver , was the founder of Blood and Honour .

In the first days of the war , there was heavy ground fighting around major ports as Iraq launched an attack on Iran 's oil-rich , Arab-populated province of Khuzestan .

According to the United States Census Bureau , the unincorporated community has a total area of 9.1 square miles 23.5 a.

On the February 16 edition of Raw , Shawn Michaels challenged John `` Bradshaw '' Layfield to a match the following week for the right to face Undertaker at WrestleMania .

Sun Jihai -LRB- born 30 September 1977 -RRB- is a Chinese football player .

The first SNP Member of Parliament was Robert McIntyre , who entered parliament in a by-election for Motherwell in 1945 , but he lost the seat at the general election of that year .

If a cleaner way of doing this is developed , the template will be changed .

It is about 180 k north-east of Melbourne .

The island 's views of the Sydney Harbour Bridge make it a popular spot for watching the New Year 's Eve fireworks display . More than 2000 campers watched the fireworks in 2009 .

The Light Destroyer -LRB- DDL -RRB- program was a large project to build ten ships similar to the Royal Navy 's Type 21 or Amazon class frigate for Australia during the 1970s and early 1980s .

It is included in the Anniston-Oxford Metropolitan Statistical Area .

It was the first year of the 2nd millennium and of the 11th century .

They held seventh spot on a shrinking list of constructors and only scored 11 points .

Timo Glock was signed as the team 's second test driver .

It has an online field guide of plants and animals called Enature.com .

In Kyrgyz , a Bishkek is a churn used to make stirred horse milk -LRB- kumis -RRB- , the Kyrgyz national drink .

Please delete any unused fields to avoid clutter in the edit window .

As scholar Bliss Perry later wrote , Longfellow was so highly praised that criticizing him was a criminal act like `` carrying a rifle into a national park '' .

The rapidity with which American readers embraced Longfellow was unparalleled in publishing history in the United States ; by 1874 , he was earning $ 3,000 per poem .

His accusations may have been a publicity stunt to boost readership of the Broadway Journal , for which he was the editor at the time .

In a review for the BBC , Chris Jones described the song as `` nursery rhyme surrealism '' that contributed to Sgt. Pepper 's `` revolutionary ... sonic carpet that enveloped the ears and sent the listener spinning into other realms . ''

Runnells is a city of Iowa in the United States .

Wake County is the 9th fastest growing county in the United States .

The flowers are classically pea shaped and root nodulation is very common .

As of 2007 census , Sta .

Prime numbers are always coprime to each other .

He was Commissioner of Police of the City of London from 1950 to 1971 and was also the first head of the Royal Ulster Constabulary to be called the Chief Constable , instead of Inspector-General .

On the advice of Thomas Davies , the Chief Constable , he first took a course in business and accountancy .

At another level , he pushed through changes in career structures .

Ronald Edward Busniuk -LRB- born August 13 , 1948 in Fort William , Ontario -RRB- , is a Canadian hockey player .

Theo Walcott -LRB- born 16 March 1989 -RRB- is a English football player . He plays for Arsenal and England national team .

This is a guide to making persuasive unblock requests .

The scientific name refers to the East Indies , the species ' natural habitat .

A static charge will only remain when one of the surfaces has a high resistance to electrical flow .

Robinson received a two-year suspended sentence . The incident â `` along with other possible run-ins between Robinson and police â `` gave Robinson a reputation for getting upset in the face of racial problems .

Woodrow Tracy `` Woody '' Harrelson -LRB- born July 23 , 1961 in Midland , Texas -RRB- is an American actor .

Gaelic football and Hurling are the main and most popular activities promoted by the organization .

The toothmarks are parallel with rough marks on the nut surface if a Wood Mouse made the hole . The Bank Vole leaves parallel grooves with no rough marks .

This reduces server load and prevents accidental blanking of the template .

On April 28 , 2006 , wikiHow was launched on its own www.wikihow.com domain .

In the system of Greek numerals , it has a value of 300 .

The last close approach was in 1996 , at 15.1 Gm , almost 40 times as far as the Moon .

The ionization energy increases as each electron is removed .

Muslims do not fast on Eid ul-Fitr as it is not allowed . When you see the new moon after Ramadan , the next day is Eid ul-Fitr .

The best of their musical work came when The Orb recorded music for John Peel on BBC Radio 1 .

Relationships are usually seen as evolutionary trees -LRB- cladograms , phylogenetic trees , phylogenies -RRB- .

Its original title is De Optimo Republicae Statu deque Nova Insula Utopia .

In various surveys and rankings , it has been included among the best campuses in the nation for African Americans .

Undergraduate admissions to Ohio State are said to be `` more selective '' by US News & World Report . It is the most selective public university in Ohio , and it is the hardest university in Ohio to get into .

Cachoeira do Sul is a Brazilian city of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .

Adults are colored green on their upperparts and breast .

Over its existence , the administrative county lost territory , both to the existing county boroughs , and also due to the creation of county boroughs at West Hartlepool in 1902 and Darlington in 1915 .

The airline , along with its parent company , Northwest Airlines Corporation and subsidiaries , operated under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection which , in the United States , allows continued operation during the reorganization effort , not stopping flights as in the case in some countries .

Lorenzo died on October 31 without coming anywhere near land .

Siarnaq has light-red colors very similar to Paaliaq and Kiviuq , supporting that the moons formed during a break up of a bigger body .

Meanwhile , her stepfather , the Falangist Captain Vidal , hunts the Spanish Maquis , guerrillas who continued fighting the Franco regime in the region , as her pregnant mother grows ill. .

11001 was one of the first British Railways diesel locomotives . It was built in 1949 at British Railways ' Ashford Works .

The Niger is the third-longest river in Africa . -LRB- Only by the Nile and the Congo are longer .

There were 149 houses at an average density of 137.0 \/ kmÂ -LRB- 355.7 \/ miÂ -RRB- .

Jigsaw Sudoku -LRB- also called Squiggly Sudoku or Odd Sudoku -RRB- is just like a regular Sudoku puzzle , except that instead of the lines being perfect , they are different . Like regular Sudoku puzzles , you have to complete the grid .

The object is the same as in Sudoku , but the puzzle only uses the numbers 1 through 6 .

After this , Hammurabi was in control of most of Mesopotamia .

The Christian Bible speaks of God as one who is , who speaks , who sees , hears , acts , and loves .

Jaap Stam -LRB- born 17 July 1972 -RRB- is a former Dutch football player .

Hayesville Elementary School covers grades K-4 and has an enrollment of 450 students .

An IRC server can connect to other IRC servers to expand the IRC network . Users access IRC networks by connecting a client to a server .

One book , written by the American Sheri Holman , attracted criticism from the City 's Mayor .

He reigned from 1670 to 1723 , and was the elder son of Grand Duke Ferdinando II of Tuscany .

Batesville is a city in the state of Indiana , in the United States .

Barnstars were first used on the Wikipedia in December 2003 .

Hydra is the farthest moon of Pluto .

It was the first city in the Southern Hemisphere to have electric street lights .

It was first called the MD-95 . It is based off the McDonnell Douglas DC-9 .

You gave it national prominence and when London was attacked on 7 July 2005 you spoke for London . ''

They did n't give any thought to the fact that once he 'd done that he might turn on his creators .

Historical records of events have been made for thousands of years .

Bauxite is the main ore of aluminium . It is mostly aluminium oxide .

Under President and CEO Reynolds , the park ran until April 13 , 2003 , when it closed after a long tourism decline following the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .

She started writing when she was in her teens , although before this she had developed a love for writing which sapped her time for learning domestic skills from her mother .

PDF commonly refers to the Portable Document Format in computing .

Other Christian communities are Baptists , Seventh-day Adventists , the ICF Movement , Jehovah 's Witnesses , Catholics , Old Catholics and the New Apostolic Church , as well as The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .

The Alps do not make an impassable block ; they have been traveled by for war and commerce , and later by pilgrims , students and tourists .

Some may have a feeling of fullness or burning in the upper abdomen .

The city was named KitakyÅ `` shÅ `` in 1963 , after five cities -LRB- Moji , Kokura , Tobata , Yahata and Wakamatsu -RRB- were made into one .

On August 9 , 1945 , the United States Air Force planned to drop a nuclear bomb on Kokura .

Since toner is a fine dust , it can remain in the air for a long time , and is considered to have health effects similar to inert dust .

A valve is a device that helps with the flow of materials -LRB- like gases , fluidized solids , slurries , or liquids -RRB- .

It was found in ancient history . Mercury was found in Egyptian tombs that are from 1500 BC .

The ancient Greeks used mercury in ointments . The Egyptians and the Romans used it in cosmetics .

On 12 May 1797 , the Republic of Venice ended , but a few places in the Albania veneta for several months still continued to remain loyal to the Venetian Repubblic : Perasto was the last place of the Republic to surrender .

During that period , part of its Slavic population was italianised .

Chiburdanidze finished 2nd in the Tbilisi Women 's Interzonal -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , thereby qualifying for the 1977 candidates matches .

She was 1st in tournaments at New Delhi -LRB- 1984 -RRB- and Banja Luka -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and equal third at the very strong Bilbao 1987 . In the next decade she finished 1st at Belgrade -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Vienna -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and Lippstadt -LRB- 1995 -RRB- .

Before he joined the NHL , Demitra played in Slovakia , as well as the American Hockey League -LRB- AHL -RRB- and International Hockey League -LRB- IHL -RRB- , minor professional leagues in North America .

At the 2002 Olympics , he became the first skater to land a quadruple salchow jump in combination at the Olympics . He is the first and so far only skater to land 6 quadruple jumps in one competition .

Examples include ; Who Framed Roger Rabbit , Dick Tracy , The Rocketeer , The Nightmare Before Christmas , The Santa Clause , Remember the Titans , Sweet Home Alabama , Bringing Down the House , National Treasure , The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy and Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl .

It began its operations in 2003 , positioned as a latecomer in the market allowed it to put up infrastructure at lower cost .

The console versions will have an extra mode called `` Scenario Campaign '' which is similar to the `` Tekken Force '' and `` Devil Within '' modes from previous games .

After the discovery of Vesta in 1807 , no asteroids were discovered for the next 38 years .

Two of his early works , The Infinity Concerto and The Serpent Mageare clearly fantasies . These are now published together as one novel called Songs of Earth and Power .

The books bring up the question of cultural acceptance of something brand new that can not be stopped .

2 Baruch is a text that was written in the late first century , or the early second century CE . It was probably written after the destruction of the temple in Jerusalem , in 70 CE , and before the second Roman-Jewish War , 132-135 CE .

Nucleic acids are macromolecules where genetic information is stored .

She has two sisters .

30 minutes after the crash , the people on Andrea Doria decided to abandon the ship .

After these teams Check , a left winger , spent a season with the New York Rovers of the Eastern Amateur Hockey League .

He is best known for wrestling for World Wrestling Entertainment on its ECW brand .

His son with Kaputikyan , Ara Shiraz , is a sculptor .

Daverdisse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .

The dramedy which deals with issues related to chav culture in the UK has been accorded critical acclaim by various sections of the British media , including The Sun newspaper and Newsnight Review on BBC Two .

On July 2 , 2005 , the tip of the whaleback broke off , and a rockfall sent ash several hundred meters into the air .

Castlegar is located in the West Kootenay region in British Columbia .

The Lightning Thief was first bought by Bantam Books in 1997 , then sold to Miramax Books . They published it on July 28 , 2005 .

In 2008 , it was published in Serbian .

This has allowed the Riverina to become one of the most productive and agriculturally varied areas of Australia .

Globular clusters are tight groups of hundreds and thousands of very old stars . Open clusters are more loose , and they have less than a few hundred stars , which are often very young .

Notre-Dame-d ` Estr Ã es is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .

Other cities in mind for WrestleMania XXVIII were Los Angeles , New Orleans , New York City , Toronto , Detroit , Tampa , Vancouver , St. Louis , Jacksonville , Orlando and Houston .

Others include erotic binding-spells , spells ranged against thieves , and business and sporting rivals .

Blangy-sur-Ternoise is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Antonio Puerta -LRB- born 26 November 1984 - died 28 August 2007 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .

He finished the year seventh in the Italian series with 196 points and scoring a single podium at Valencia . He failed to score a point in his few starts in the European races .

The United States Capitol is the building where the United States Congress meets .

Boydton is a town of Virginia in the United States .

`` Goodbye Stranger '' by Supertramp takes about a minute to fade out .

Sahoo was born in a small town of Dhenkanal in Orissa -LRB- India -RRB- . Sarojini has MA and PhD degrees in Oriya Literature and a Bachelor of Law from Utkal University .

The novel Upanibesh was the first attempt in Oriya Literature to focus the sexuality as a part of social revolt by any woman .

While working on women 's rights , she was a long close friend of Beauvoir , Jean-Paul Sartre and Beauvoir 's sister , the painter HÃ lÃ ne de Beauvoir .

It was founded by the Li -LRB- æ -RRB- family , who came to power during the fall of the Sui Empire .

He was an avid sportsman , and the famed Belmont Stakes thoroughbred horse race is named in his honor .

Dzhigarkhanyan was given the title of People 's Artist of the USSR in 1985 .

EncyclopÃ dia Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite is a series of encyclopaedias that come on DVD , to be installed on computers .

jpg thumb -LRB- 800x446 -RRB- px right 2010 Ford Flex -RRB- -RRB- The Ford Flex is a full size crossover which is manufactured by Ford Motor Company .

On his eleventh birthday , Harry finds that he is a wizard when Rubeus Hagrid tells him that he is to go Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .

He is sorted into Gryffindor House by the Sorting Hat and becomes friends with classmates Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger . Near the end of his first year at Hogwarts , he stops Voldemort 's attempt to steal the Philosopher 's Stone .

In Boccaccio 's Decameron a memorably morbid tale -LRB- novella V -RRB- tells of Lisabetta , whose brothers slay her lover .

Its flowers , broken up , are a zesty salad condiment .

This was nearly finished when Messiaen died , and Yvonne Loriod orchestrated the last movement with advice from George Benjamin .

The area was first settled by Europeans in 1829 .

She made her first appearance at the age of 16 in a television commercial .

President Corazon Aquino declared a state of calamity in the Visayas .

Around 1924 , Basie went to Harlem , New York City . A lot of jazz was being played there .

Members were sworn under the penalty of death not to say anything about the Mysteries to anyone .

Hambers is a commune of 548 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .

This version was capable of a maximum speed of 342 mph , some 25 to 30 mph faster than the Mk I.

On the other hand , Connecticut 's original Charter in 1662 granted it all the land to the `` South Sea , '' i.e. the Pacific Ocean .

Gastornis had large powerful legs , with large , taloned feet , which also were considered in support of the theory that it was a predator .

For it has been discovered , and is now well established , that the lonely inhabitant Of the rock is not a saint , but a devil .

In 1963 , the U.S. Representative from Duluth , John Blatnik , introduced a bill to observe Leif Erikson Day in the rest of the United States .

He was considered the only popular composer in the world who ruled a law-enforcement department at the same time .

Gordevio is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .

The canonical program for handling these packages is dpkg , most commonly via apt\/aptitude .

The Company was founded in October 2007 .

There are records of the town of Dubai from 1799 .

Person vs. Society is when the hero 's main source of conflict is traditions or ideas .

In the mid-1850s Staunton got a contract to edit the text of Shakespeare .

Fire is sometimes a hazard .

The User Datagram Protocol -LRB- UDP -RRB- is one of the core members of the Internet Protocol Suite , the set of network protocols used for the Internet .

He is the archenemy of Batman , having been directly responsible for numerous tragedies in Batman 's life , including the paralysis of Barbara Gordon and the death of Jason Todd , the second Robin .

It is the former Roman road Ryknield Street .

Its capital is Sarnen .

This preset is designed to fix as many of the errors listed at WikiProject Check Wikipedia as is possible for a semi-automated script .

After mating , the female will wash her vulva thoroughly .

The 2006 Commonwealth Games included 16 sports , with 12 individual sports and 4 team sports .

To avoid ambiguity with these non-unique numbers , RFC 1982 , `` Serial Number Arithmetic '' defines special rules for calculations involving these kinds of serial numbers .

The star topology reduces the probability of a network failure by connecting all of the peripheral nodes -LRB- computers , etc. -RRB- to a central node .

A special kind of mesh , limiting the number of hops between two nodes , is a hypercube .

A member of St. John 's Episcopal Church , Lafayette Square , he served as a vestryman and Senior Warden .

In the following parameters , the use of the symbol # is meant to connote a game number , which would then reflect the change with regards to application of that parameter .

In many countries falafel is a popular street food or fast food .

He asked the crowd who he should keep under his belt by mentioning names of WCW wrestlers and asking for a reaction .

After high-fiving the wrestlers , he announced that ECW has been brought into the Invasion .

The third season saw the departure of Parnell , Caddell , and Herlocker and the temporary absence of O'Donnell .

As a copyright holder , it has the power to enforce the GNU General Public License -LRB- GPL -RRB- when copyright infringement occurs on that software .

Atlas reveals himself as Fontaine , who faked his death to throw Ryan off his trail and take control of the city , leaving Jack at the mercy of the reactivated security systems .

Lovettsville , Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States .

He excelled in the painting of portraits , landscapes , and large works of social and historical themes .

The average length of their dives is around 20 min for females and 60 min -LRB- 1 hour -RRB- for males , as they search for their favorite food . Their diet includes skates , rays , squid , octopus , eels , penguin -LRB- Southerns only -RRB- , and small sharks .

Isao Iwabuchi -LRB- born 17 November 1933 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

The units were introduced fully on 29 September 1986 as part of the electrification of the Ayrshire Coast Line between Glasgow Central and Ayr\/Ardrossan with alternating current -LRB- AC -RRB- overhead lines .

2-1-1 is a special telephone number in the United States and Canada .

In Cuba , the storm was one of the worst disasters in the island 's history .

It has the atomic number 115 . It is a superheavy element .

Reverse faults occur in areas where the crust is being shortened .

Strike-slip faults are steep structures where the two sides of the fault slip horizontally past each other .

Crusher was the chief medical officer on the starships USS Enterprise-D and USS Enterprise-E .

The population density was 87 people per square mile -LRB- 34\/km Â -RRB- .

The Great Gerbil -LRB- Rhombomys opimus -RRB- is a large gerbil . It is found throughout much of Central Asia .

The final step is canonization , where the honored would receive the title of Saint .

Denver Clayton Lemaster -LRB- born February 25 , 1939 in Corona , California -RRB- was a Major League Baseball pitcher . He began his career when he was signed by the Milwaukee Braves .

In the late 1990 's , members of Imbas , a Celtic Reconstructionist group in Seattle , began promoting the name Senistrognata , which they say means `` the ancestral customs of the Celtic peoples '' in reconstructed Old Celtic .

The histogram is one of the seven basic tools of quality control , which also include the Pareto chart , check sheet , control chart , cause-and-effect diagram , flowchart , and scatter diagram .

Under twelve-tone equal temperament , B sharp , for instance , is enharmonically equivalent to -LRB- sounds the same as -RRB- , C natural , and G sharp is enharmonically equivalent to A flat .

James Watt -LRB- January 19 , 1736 - August 19 , 1819 -RRB- was a Scottish mathematician and engineer .

Flavors of Entanglement is the seventh studio album by rock singer Alanis Morissette .

This allows you to repeat certain fields by adding a second Characteristics box with a hidden header .

Aurora is the Latin word for dawn .

Cal Poly Pomona was founded in 1938 when an entrepreneur named W.K. Kellogg gave his Arabian horse Ranch as a gift to the California State University .

La BoissiÃ re is a commune of 111 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .

Juan Diego FlÃ rez was born in Lima , Peru on January 13 , 1973 . His father , RubÃ n FlÃ rez , was a guitarist and singer of Peruvian popular music .

After the death of President Paul von Hindenburg on August 2 , 1934 , Hitler assumed the office of ReichsprÃ sident , and thus became commander in chief .

Article 47 of the Weimar Constitution of 1919 declared `` Der ReichsprÃ sident hat den Oberbefehl Ã 1\/4 ber die gesamte Wehrmacht des Reiches '' -LRB- meaning : `` The ReichsprÃ sident holds supreme command of all armed forces of the Reich '' -RRB- .

Locarno is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .

These include the operators of passenger services , which are , rather confusingly , officially referred to as `` train operating companies '' or TOCs , as distinct from `` freight operating companies '' .

Smaller villages are Premaydena , Highcroft and Stormlea .

Ã lber Giovane -LRB- born 23 July 1972 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .

Throughout the 3rd century , the Praetorians assisted the emperors in various campaigns .

In time , this cohort came to be known as the cohors praetoria , and various notable figures possessed one , including Julius Caesar , Mark Antony and Augustus -LRB- Octavian -RRB- .

Because the heart relaxes during diastole , `` diastolic pressure '' is the lowest pressure within the arterial blood stream during each heart beat .

Jefferson Parish is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana . Most of the suburbs of New Orleans are in this parish .

Although MCA owned the studio lot , but not Universal Pictures , it was increasingly influential on Universal 's product .

Distribution and other corporate , administrative offices are based in New York City .

Universal is the second longest-lived studio in Hollywood -LRB- Viacom 's Paramount Pictures , Universal 's ownership partner of United International Pictures -- which distributes films by Paramount and Universal worldwide -- is the oldest -RRB- .

The diastolic pressure is the second number given in a blood pressure reading , and it is the pressure at the resting phase of the cardiac cycle -LRB- when the heart is relaxing -RRB- .

The Song Thrush is occasionally a host of parasitic cuckoos , but this is very rare because the thrush usually recognizes the cuckoo 's non-mimetic eggs .

Pablo Gabriel GarcÃ a -LRB- born 11 May 1977 -RRB- is an Uruguayan football player . He plays for PAOK Thessaloniki .

The high point of kamikaze attacks came from April 6 to May 25 , 1945 during the Battle of Okinawa , in Operation Kikusui -LRB- `` floating chrysanthemums '' -RRB- .

The cyclists also race over Hamburg 's highest bridge KÃ hlbrandbrÃ 1\/4 cke .

Eastern European Summer Time -LRB- EEST -RRB- is one of the names of UTC +3 time zone . This zone is 3 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time .

In the book he revealed that nightmares of James still continue to plague him .

The Wild was ranked # 1 of the top DVD sales twice in Entertainment Weekly -LRB- The first time for October 6-12 , 2006 , the second time for October 13-19 , 2006 -RRB- .

FIFA objected to the president 's decision and threatened to kick Nigeria out of the association .

He became offensive coordinator in Pittsburgh for the 2004 season after Mike Mularkey became the head coach of the Buffalo Bills .

Saint-L Ã onard , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .

Though she had initially announced her intention to serve a single four-year period , she extended the term by a year following an appeal from Annan , allowing her to preside over the 2001 World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in Durban , South Africa , as Secretary-General .

As of October 13 , 2007 , the last rainfall was a thunderstorm on May 13 , 2006 .

Ferdinand is the farthest known moon of Uranus .

Despite being seen again on September 21 and November 15 and even a year later on August 13 and September 5 , 2002 , it was eventually lost .

