In modern use , the parlor is a formal sitting room in a large house or mansion .

It was generally located in the west range of the buildings of the cloister , close to the main entrance .

As a measure , `` fertility rate '' is the number of children born per couple , person or population .

The neighborhood is a tribute to the woman portuguese Felicidade Borges .

Banksia is a genus of around 170 species in the plant family Proteaceae .

He twice held the office of Lord Chancellor , once from June 1475 to September 1475 and then again from October 1485 to March 1487 .

The song was completed on 6 August , when McCartney recorded a solo on a Moog synthesizer .

In 1913 , the two neighbouring settlements were merged to create the modern-day town of Murrurundi .

Prior to European settlement , the Murrurundi district was home to the Wanaruah - and possibly the Kamilaroi - Aboriginal people .

Some days he will treat you like his long-lost brother .

These standard abbreviations can be found at the IPNI , Author Query page .

Among the cultural events in Langnau are the Langnau Jazz Nights and the International Cartoon Festival .

The Bhutan national football team is the national team of Bhutan and is controlled by the Bhutan Football Federation .

Bomberman Land Touch !

It was named in August 2003 after Praxidike , the Greek goddess of punishment .

At Badwater , significant rainstorms flood the valley bottom periodically , covering the salt pan with a thin sheet of standing water .

The City of Falls Church is an independent city in Virginia , United States , in the Washington Metropolitan Area .

Later American explorers , some of whom were originally part of the Lewis and Clark expedition , journeyed into the Snake River watershed and records show a variety of names have been associated with the river . The explorer Wilson Price Hunt of the Astor Expedition named the river as Mad River .

It has 3 main components ; cells , fibers , and extracellular matrix .

She has appeared topless in many tabloid newspapers and has appeared in her own reality show , Totally Jodie Marsh .

He is the son of Carlos ColÃ n , Sr. and the younger brother of wrestlers Stacy and Carly ColÃ n , better known as Carlito in WWE .

Battle Droids -LRB- B1 -RRB- are a fictional , robotic combat unit used in the Star Wars Universe .

The game is the sequel to the original PC game , Barbie Fashion Show .

An official LÃ 1\/4 beck law transcript was never available or used until the revised edition of 1586 was printed by printer Johann Balhorn , but rather LÃ 1\/4 beck was the a leader in German cities giving rights to town citizens and overturning aristocratic privilege .

Nicknamed `` Tige , '' Anderson was noted as one of Robert E. Lee 's hardest-fighting subordinates .

She won four Grand Slam singles titles , six Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , and four Grand Slam mixed doubles titles .

The tribe claims descent from Dhond Khan -LRB- a nickname of Shah Wali Khan -RRB- and â Abbas ibn â Abd al-Muttalib and hence are known as Dhund Abbasi .

Provides a simple wrapper for -LRB- up to 5 consecutive -RRB- citation tags that minimizes visual impact on the text , which along with the simpler syntax increases code readability and editability .

Gerra -LRB- Gambarogno -RRB- is a former municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .

Ornex is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

Fauquembergues is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

E la du permanis silence .

On the night of April 18 â `` 19 , 1775 , just hours before the battles of Lexington and Concord , Revere performed his `` Midnight Ride '' .

A portion of the North Stand was designated the Family Stand for supporters with at least one child , but from season 2010-11 the whole of the North Stand was allocated to families , causing some upset to other season ticket holders who had to move .

Their first Premier League win did not come until 14 September , with a Nicolas Anelka hat-trick meaning City beat Aston Villa 4 â `` 1 .

And the Yuna River has been filling the Samana Bay with solid material and only small boats can get to the port .

After the double-murder suicide , former wrestler Christopher Nowinski contacted Michael Benoit , father of Chris Benoit , suggesting that years of trauma to his son 's brain may have led to his actions .

AÄ ca has described himself as a mercenary with no political orientation , although he is known to have been a member of the Turkish ultra-nationalist Grey Wolves organization .

While California 's median income was not near enough to afford the average California home or even a starter home , West Virginia , which had one of the nation 's lowest median household incomes , also had the nation 's lowest median home price .

His autobiography is titled Notes sans musique -LRB- Notes Without Music -RRB- , later revised as Ma vie heureuse -LRB- My Happy Life -RRB- .

To the east of Chitral are the federally controlled Northern Areas of Pakistan-administered Kashmir and to the south are the Pakistani internal districts of Upper Dir and Swat .

In the first two sentences above , only one punctuation mark is used at the end of each .

Depending on the typeface , opening and closing quotation marks may be identical in form -LRB- called vertical , straight , or typewriter quotation marks -RRB- , or may be distinctly left-handed and right-handed -LRB- typographic or , colloquially , curly quotation marks -RRB- .

The most common way is to simply alternate between the two forms , thus :

Jun Uruno is a Japanese football player currently playing for Roasso Kumamoto .

A stem is one of two main structural axes of a vascular plant .

It joins the Ohio at Carrollton .

Rotational forces stabilize the bullet gyroscopically as well as aerodynamically .

Green Bay is an industrial city with several meatpacking and paper plants , and a port on the bay of Green Bay , an arm of Lake Michigan .

In higher plants , most of a cell 's volume is taken up by a central vacuole , which primarily maintains its osmotic pressure .

Depending on taxonomy , the Red Deer inhabits most of Europe , the Caucasus Mountains region , Asia Minor , parts of western Asia , and central Asia .

In 2008 , Manuel Pino received the Nuclear-Free Future Award .

A glacier forms in a location where the accumulation of snow and sleet exceeds the amount of snow that melts . Over many years , often decades or centuries , a glacier will eventually form as the snow compacts and turns to ice .

Alpine glaciers form on the crests and slopes of mountains and are also known as `` mountain glaciers '' , `` niche glaciers '' , or `` cirque glaciers '' .

Many of these are natives of the city ; others traveled to Dunedin to be educated at the University of Otago .

American soldiers brought Lindy Hop\/Jitterbug to Europe around 1942 , where this dance swiftly found a following among the young .

The 1989 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15 , 1989 in the Eastern Pacific , and June 1 , 1989 in the Central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 1989 .

Wavrans-sur-Ternoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

Step Brothers is a 2008 American slapstick buddy-comedy film directed by Adam McKay , produced by Judd Apatow and Jimmy Miller , and stars Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly , who originally teamed up in Talladega Nights -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .

Wingo is a city in Graves County , Kentucky , United States .

Bop It Download has a maximum score of 1000 and 15 difficulty levels .

The CN Tower is a communications and observation tower in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .

Chachapoyas is a province of the Amazonas Region , Peru .

In its modern incarnation , the dachshund is a creation of German breeders and includes elements of German , French , and English hounds and terriers .

The term `` Avatar '' comes from the Indian language of Sanskrit .

Each nation has its own natural element , on which it bases its society .

The invasion will be staged by a ragtag group of benders and warriors whom Aang has helped along his journey .

Ciprian Andrei Marica -LRB- born 2 October 1985 in Bucharest -RRB- is a Romanian footballer who currently plays for VfB Stuttgart .

Complaints from Victorians about recently released convicts from Van Diemen 's Land re-offending in Victoria was one of the contributing reasons for the eventual abolition of transportation to Van Diemen 's Land in 1853 .

Since making her musical debut in 2004 , Ciara has attained five Billboard Hot 100 top ten singles including a number one . Prior to the release of her third album , Ciara has sold over seven million albums worldwide , and as of June 2010 , she has sold more than 4.3 million albums and 6.9 million digital tracks in the United States alone .

As an institution , the Archive had a checkered history from its first incarnation in 1935 as the National Historical Film and Speaking Record Library -LRB- within the then Commonwealth National Library -RRB- to its becoming an independent statutory authority as the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia in 2008 .

Analog Science Fiction and Fact is an American science fiction magazine .

Usually , only one of the schools in the school union has a high school , but unlike MSADs -LRB- discussed below -RRB- , students in the whole school union are not compelled to attend that school .

In 2002 he went to Austria Salzburg , and 2005 , after the club was bought by Red Bull , he played with FC Red Bull Salzburg .

The name of the shrine comes from the Arabic word Hazrat , meaning holy or majestic , and the Kashmiri word bal , -LRB- bal is a corrupted form of Sanskrit Vala which means an enclosure -RRB- meaning place .

A soldier armed with a musket had the designation musketman or musketeer .

Kimitoshi NÅ gawa is a professional Japanese footballer .

An automatic feathering system was first introduced on the Martin 4-0-4 aircraft , a piston engine airplane .

Most goods produced in Damascus , as well as in Syria , are distributed to Countries of the Arabian peninsula .

He encourages Cassy to escape , which she does , taking Emmeline with her .

She had at most a ready command of broadly conceived melodrama , humor , and pathos , and of these popular cements she compounded her book . ''

George Bernard Shaw , for example , reviewed the play in the Saturday Review , arguing that comedy should touch as well as amuse , `` I go to the theater to be moved to laughter '' .

Gustave Caillebotte -LRB- ; 19 August 1848 â `` 21 February 1894 -RRB- was a French painter , member and patron of the group of artists known as Impressionists , though he painted in a much more realistic manner than many other artists in the group .

Now they are mostly used for electric power generation .

In 1826 , Benoit Fourneyron developed an outward-flow turbine .

Hip Hop magazines have a large place in hip hop lifestyle and history , including the first ever published Hip Hop publication The Hip Hop Hit List , which also contained the very first rap music record chart ever .

Marinho Peres , real name MÃ rio Peres Ulibarri , -LRB- born March 19 , 1947 in Sorocaba -RRB- was a football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player from Brazil .

This deep area is the Mariana Trench proper .

Bukit Timah Road is known as tek kha kang a kinn in Hokkien , which means `` the side of the stream in the tek kha -LRB- or Selegie Road -RRB- district '' .

MonciÃ n is one of the three municipality -LRB- municipio -RRB- of the Santiago RodrÃ guez province in the Dominican Republic .

A minority of statisticians are self-employed statistical consultants .

Clayton is a city in Clayton County , Iowa , United States .

He argued that when eating , one should not eat too richly , for it could lead to dissatisfaction later , such as the grim realization that one could not afford such delicacies in the future .

As a result , Ehud Olmert , the Deputy Prime Minister , was officially confirmed as the Acting Prime Minister of Israel . Olmert and the Cabinet announced that the elections would take place on 28 March as scheduled .

In many Spanish-speaking countries in Latin America , the foreign minister is colloquially called canciller -LRB- chancellor -RRB- -LRB- in Brazil , a Portuguese-speaking country , is chanceler -RRB- .

In one episode , Aang meets his previous incarnation , Avatar Roku , informing him that he must master all four bending arts and defeat Fire Lord Ozai before the end of summer .

Airbending , the style Aang primarily uses in the show , is based on an `` internal '' Chinese martial art called Baguazhang .

When the group reaches the Northern Water Tribe , a Waterbender named Master Pakku teaches Aang -LRB- and later Katara -RRB- waterbending .

He has played for Japan national team .

In class , Jesse is teased by classmates Scott Hoager -LRB- Cameron Wakefield -RRB- and Gary Fulcher -LRB- Elliot Lawless -RRB- , and meets a new student his age by the name Leslie Burke -LRB- AnnaSophia Robb -RRB- .

That 's a heck of a range for such a young actor . ''

Leslie becomes frustrated by Janice 's fee for entering the toilet .

Fraga 's career as one of the key political figures in Spain straddles both General Francisco Franco 's dictatorial regime and the subsequent transition to democracy .

Stockwell tube station is a London Underground station complex in Stockwell , in the London Borough of Lambeth .

It is located on the Northern Line between Oval and Clapham North , and on the Victoria Line between Brixton and Vauxhall .

The station is in Travelcard Zone 2 .

The evangelical work of the school is carried out by a group of Christian teachers and Christ 's Harvest Church . The Gospel is passed on in 3 different ways : Special Activities , Morning Assembly and Fellowship .

Instead , the quirks are not the work of college-dropout billionaires , but rather just a collection of misdirected changes .

Romulus and Remus went on to found Rome , overthrow Amulius , and reinstate Numitor as King of Alba Longa .

It is the most populous commune in the ArdÃ che department , although it is not the capital , which resides in the smaller town of Privas .

In 2001 , the Irish state opened a guest residence nearby in Farmleigh , a former Guinness mansion .

The second tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season , the system developed as an extratropical cyclone to the southeast of Nantucket , Massachusetts , on July 16 from a dissipating cold front .

The new Greater London Authority -LRB- GLA -RRB- was established in 2000 .

Baum went on to write thirteen more novels based on the places and people of the Land of Oz .

Grillon is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .

Dir was a small princely state located in what is today Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .

Seventy-six trains out of a fleet of 88 are needed to run the line 's peak service , and one unit -LRB- 166-566-366 -RRB- was severely damaged by the terrorist attack of 7 July 2005 .

He studied art in Berlin , Essen , and Munich , before enrolling as a student in the basic course of Johannes Itten at the prestigious Weimar Bauhaus in 1920 .

Players for the Montreal Canadiens have won the Vezina 28 times .

Hellenistic sculpture repeats the innovations of the `` second classicism '' : perfect sculpture-in-the-round , allowing the statue to be admired from all angles ; study of draping and effects of transparency of clothing ; suppleness of poses .

Al-Nasr Benghazi is a Libyan football club based in Benghazi , Libya .

In the fall of 2006 , Cavergno and Bignasco were incorporated into the municipality , despite an attempt by Bignasco to resist the incorporation in the courts .

The actual site of this emperor 's grave is not known .

`` Black Square '' was painted in 1915 and was presented as a breakthrough in his career and in art in general .

As Ike moved inland , it brought extensive flooding and wind damage throughout the Midwest and as far north as Pennsylvania .

Nakajima hoped that by joining Toyota he would shield himself against any accusations that his father had promoted his career .

The problem of wiki-stalking involves tracing user-editing of various pages , along with determining a list of people you have contacted , by analyzing your access to user-talk pages .

Similar to a legendary troll under the bridge , who waits and makes demands of travelers trying to cross the bridge , the difficult users tend to hang around some significant articles , knowing that certain people will want to change or correct part of the text .

The Black Vulture , Coragyps atratus , also known as the American Black Vulture , is a bird in the New World vulture family whose range extends from the southeastern United States to Central Chile and Uruguay in South America .

Viktor Baturinsky wrote `` Now came Botvinnik 's turn to defend his title in accordance with the new qualifying system which he himself had outlined in 1946 '' -LRB- this statement referred to Botvinnik 's 1951 title defense -RRB- .

Mikhail Afanasyevich Bulgakov -LRB- , , Kiev -- March 10 , 1940 , Moscow -RRB- was a Soviet Russian writer and playwright active in the first half of the 20th century .

Bulgakov died from nephrosclerosis -LRB- an inherited kidney disorder -RRB- on March 10 , 1940 .

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing is the holding company for the exchange .

Moyet was born in Billericay , Essex , England , to a French father and English mother .

Valeri Kuzmyich Nepomniachi , -LRB- born 7 August 1943 in Slavgorod , Altai Krai -RRB- is a former Russian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player and current manager .

Norse captain Leif Eriksson is believed to have reached the Island of Newfoundland circa 1000 AD .

However , basketball became a demonstration sport at the 1904 Games in St. Louis , USA .

By 700 AD Dorset had inhabited Dildo Island .

The four Gospels included in the New Testament have little to say about Mary Magdalene .

The body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- , or Quetelet index , is a heuristic proxy for human body fat based on an individual 's weight and height . BMI does not actually measure the percentage of body fat .

When the judge uttered the customary words `` May God have mercy on your soul '' , Kelly replied `` I will go a little further than that , and say I will see you there when I go '' .

The region is divided into three federal states : West Darfur , South Darfur , and North Darfur .

This Imperial Prince was the next youngest brother of Emperor Senka .

Dundee has two universitiesâ '' the University of Dundee and the University of Abertay Dundee .

For Aristotle , reason is not only what is most special about humanity compared to other animals , but it is also what we were meant to achieve at his or her best .

Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney , released in Japan as Gyakuten Saiban Yomigaeru Gyakuten , is a visual novel-type adventure video game published and developed by Capcom in Japan , North America , and Europe , and published by Nintendo in Australia .

He also wrote introductions to compilations and many articles and translated several books from German to English .

Social studies is the `` integrated study of the social sciences and humanities to promote civic competence , '' as defined by the National Council for the Social Studies .

EliÃ zio Santos Santana or simply EliÃ zio -LRB- born March 31 , 1987 in Salvador , Bahia -RRB- is a Brazilian central defender .

Raw General Manager Bret Hart declined the demand and fired Barrett .

However , Sheamus and Cena were able to hold them off and escape , with Sheamus winning .

In St. Thomas , sustained winds reached 28 mph -LRB- 45 km\/h -RRB- and gusts peaked at 40 mph -LRB- 65 km\/h -RRB- .

The Brassicales are an order of flowering plants , belonging to the eurosids II group of dicotyledons under the APG II system .

Gianpiero Combi -LRB- November 20 , 1902 , Turin , Piedmont â `` August 12 , 1956 -RRB- was one of Italian football 's greatest goalkeepers of all-time .

Rapid deepening , also known as rapid intensification , is a meteorological condition that occurs when the minimum sea-level atmospheric pressure of a tropical cyclone decreases drastically in a short period of time .

His father 's stroke and subsequent death in 1746 interrupted his studies . Kant became a private tutor in the smaller towns surrounding KÃ nigsberg , but continued his scholarly research .

Commes is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

Donau-Ries -LRB- Danube-Ries -RRB- is a district in Bavaria , Germany .

Jefferson City was named after Thomas Jefferson , the third president of the United States .

This idea exists today within the Level 4 and Level 5 practices of the Capability Maturity Model Integration -LRB- CMMI -RRB- .

The first station in Punt Road was at ground level and opened on 8 February 1859 .

In addition to sharing tribunician power with his father , Titus held seven consulships during Vespasian 's reign and acted as his secretary , appearing in the Senate on his behalf .

Bizzar is the sixth studio album by Insane Clown Posse .

Besides his Greek name , Ignatius , he also called himself Theophorus -LRB- `` God Bearer '' -RRB- , and tradition says he was one of the children Jesus took in His arms and blessed .

He was created by Shigeru Miyamoto and designed by Takaya Imamura .

Saint - Ã tienne-de-Fontbellon is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .

Although ice hockey is Canada 's most popular sport , the CFL has increased the popularity of Canadian football in Quebec and Western Canada .

William Henry Cavendish-Bentinck , 3rd Duke of Portland , KG , PC -LRB- 14 April 1738 â `` 30 October 1809 -RRB- was a British Whig and Tory statesman , Chancellor of the University of Oxford and Prime Minister .

The nearest towns are Privas and Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut .

Shawnee Park is a municipal park in Louisville , Kentucky .

From 1966 he taught state law and political science as a full professor at the Free University of Berlin -LRB- FUB -RRB- .

The New York Yankees played their home games in Shea Stadium during the 1974 and 1975 seasons while Yankee Stadium was being renovated .

Four World Series were played in Shea Stadium .

He always used new observation techniques like low-energy electron diffraction -LRB- LEED -RRB- at the beginning of his career , later ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy -LRB- UPS -RRB- and scanning tunneling microscope -LRB- STM -RRB- yielding ground breaking results .

Some types of terracotta are created from clay that includes recycled terracotta -LRB- `` grog '' -RRB- .

The unglazed color after firing can vary widely , but most common clays contain enough iron to cause an orange , orangish red , or brownish orange color , with this range including various colors described as `` terracotta '' .

Claudius wrote copiously throughout his life .

If input tax is greater than output tax the company can claim back money from the Local Tax Authority .

Deinosuchus fossils have been found in ten U.S. states , as well as northern Mexico .

Note that the nitro name is generally inaccurate , as nitromethane is usually not the primary ingredient , and in fact many glow fuels , especially the so-called `` FAI '' type , named for the FÃ dÃ ration AÃ ronautique Internationale , which requires such fuel in some forms of aeromodeling competition , contain no nitromethane at all .

At Louis XV 's instigation , Philip and Ã lisabeth became Duke and Duchess of Parma .

Gricourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

Events which were not part of the Formula One World Championship are indicated by a pink background .

Toki Pona is a minimal language .

In 1984 at the age of 19 , Kwok joined a dancer training course at TVB , where his talent for dancing was immediately recognized .

DennebrÅ `` ucq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

Jhangochi -LRB- Ø Ú 3\/4 Ù Ú Ù Ú Û -RRB- is the oldest and most conservative dialect of the Punjabi language .

Parkes is a town in New South Wales , Australia . It is the main settlement in the Local Government Area of Parkes Shire .

Balukas states that after she arrived in Chicago `` I found out that the first - and second-place winners in the womenâ s event were going to be invited to play in the menâ s event .

She would later appear on television many more times , in addition to broadcasts of pool matches , including an interview on The Mike Douglas Show airing on January 11 , 1977 with Bernadette Peters and David Niven .

Reporting on the competition , The New York Times stated : `` Miss Balukas showed signs of strong title contention throughout the tournament play as she defeated six opponents with precision shooting and near flawless strategy . ''

Cerisy is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .

To the south of the Nahe , the Palatinate is to be found .

The HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck is a low mountain range in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .

She was said to be the patron and protector of Lower Egypt and upon unification with Upper Egypt , the joint protector and patron of all of Egypt with the `` goddess '' of Upper Egypt .

The study and the generalization of this problem by Tait , Heawood , Ramsey and Hadwiger led to the study of the colorings of the graphs embedded on surfaces with arbitrary genus .

A number of Asian countries are accused of serious human rights abuses by the international community and human rights organizations .

In common law , real property was property that could be protected by some form of real action , in contrast to personal property , where a plaintiff would have to resort to another form of action .

Eric W. Bowers Coaches Limited trading as Bowers -LRB- formerly known as Bowers Coaches -RRB- is a bus operator based in the High Peak district of Derbyshire in the United Kingdom .

In 1973 , new information came to light about FBI operations targeted against Weather Underground and the New Left , all part of a series of covert and often illegal FBI projects called COINTEL .

Joe Doe The Example Company 604-555-1234 http://example.com/

During Mughal rule the areas currently under Dhaka district was famous for its textile products â '' especially the Muslin .

Cypress is the name applied to many plants in the cypress family Cupressaceae , which is a conifer of northern temperate regions .

American Republicans hostile to the plan had also gained seats in the 1950 Congressional elections , and conservative opposition to the plan was revived .

Adams won the British Championship in 1989 at the age of seventeen .

Costanza received his Ph. D. from the University of Florida in 1979 in systems ecology , with a minor in economics .

When considered as a ceremonial county , Gloucestershire borders the preserved county of Gwent in Wales -LRB- now Monmouthshire -RRB- , and in England the ceremonial counties of Herefordshire , Worcestershire , Warwickshire , Oxfordshire , Wiltshire , Somerset and Bristol .

At his mother 's request , Milarepa left home and studied sorcery . While his aunt and uncle were having a party to celebrate the impending marriage of their son , he took his revenge by summoning a giant hail storm to demolish their house , killing 35 people , although the uncle and aunt are supposed to have survived .

Annual rainfall is approximately 1100 m and in a normal year there are two distinct rainy seasons : `` the long rains '' , which fall during April and May , and `` the short rains '' , which fall during October and November .

The Dar es Salaam Region had a population of 2,497,940 as of the official 2002 census . Though Dar es Salaam lost its official status as capital city to Dodoma in 1974 , it remains the center of the permanent central government bureaucracy and continues to serve as the capital for the surrounding Dar es Salaam Region .

Betschwanden is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .

Suhr is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

David tells Saul he is prepared to face Goliath and Saul allows him to make the attempt .

Many jogging and running clubs started up all over the world .

During the Migration Period Scarbantia was believed to be deserted and by the time Hungarians arrived in the area , it was in ruins .

Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 American animated feature produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released on June 21 , 2002 .

Swiss cheese without eyes is known as â blind .

In the parliamentary session of 1905 , plans were submitted for an additional station at the south end of the tunnel , under Wellington Street .

Paolo Barison -LRB- 23 June 1936 in Vittorio Veneto â `` 17 April 1979 in Andora -RRB- was an Italian association football player .

In June 1956 , the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956 was signed into law , granting funding to the nationwide Interstate Highway System .

A compound eye may consist of thousands of individual photoreceptor units or ommatidia -LRB- ommatidium , singular -RRB- .

In telecommunication and computer science , the concept of serial communication is the process of sending data one bit at a time , sequentially , over a communication channel or computer bus .

This is because under higher temperatures the phosphate undergoes predictable and permanent color changes , measured with the conodont alteration index .

Nine years later , in 1156 , Prince Yuri Dolgorukiy of Rostov ordered the construction of a wooden wall , the Kremlin , which had to be rebuilt multiple times , to surround the emerging city .

The time limit only happens inside the Earth 's atmosphere but they have none of those setbacks outside .

As Walter Juniper wrote , â Everything , including artistic characterization and consistency of characterization , were sacrificed to humor , and character portrayal remained only where it was necessary for the success of the plot and humor to have a persona who stayed in character , and where the persona by his portrayal contributed to humor .

The continent of Antarctica forms a land mass covering much of the area within the Antarctic Circle .

By July 2009 , nine tracks had been recorded for the new album , including the songs `` Fine '' , `` Everybody Hurts '' and `` Darlin '' .

Houghton House was built in 1621 by Mary , Countess of Pembroke and sister of the poet Sir Philip Sidney .

Over 700 of the inmates lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to Germany in 1944 .

Clerical inductees of the order may , when officiating , wear over their cassock and surplice a tippet of black with red lining , edging , and buttons , a 76mm wide star worn on the left breast and the accordant badge suspended at the neck .

As she picked it out and started to wrap the silk thread around her finger , she slowly felt a warm sensation .

This is a list of known residences of the British Royal Family . It includes historical residences , and not all of the current residences are regarded as official residences .

A French press requires coffee of a coarser grind than does a drip brew coffee filter , as finer grounds will seep through the press filter and into the coffee .

In New Zealand , Australia and South Africa the apparatus is known as a coffee plunger , and coffee brewed in it as plunger coffee .

Though under Red 's protection , Sorcha encounters a new danger in the form of Lord Richard , Red 's uncle .

All video projectors use a very bright light to project the image , and most modern ones can correct any curves , blurriness , and other inconsistencies through manual settings .

Since 2003 , McAllister has served as the leader of the CDU parliamentary party group in the Parliament of Lower Saxony , of which he has been a member since 1998 .

Milton is a city in Van Buren County , Iowa , United States .

Mahakala had short arms and no ability to glide .

Soon after the bat 's discovery in the 1970s , some roosting sites became disturbed as a result of tourism , scientific collection , and even the collection and sale of individuals as souvenirs .

However , numerous low-traffic articles have gone years without being hacked .

With the widespread establishment of power grids , power transmission is usually associated most with electric power transmission .

Most instructions have one or more opcode fields which specifies the basic instruction type -LRB- such as arithmetic , logical , jump , etc -RRB- and the actual operation -LRB- such as add or compare -RRB- and other fields that may give the type of the operand -LRB- s -RRB- , the addressing mode -LRB- s -RRB- , the addressing offset -LRB- s -RRB- or index , or the actual value itself -LRB- such constant operands contained in an instruction are called immediates -RRB- .

This is the hexadecimal color code used for Great Eastern Railway lines .

If two pitchers receive the same number of votes , the award is shared .

Adelboden has only one incoming road connecting from Frutigen which connects via Spiez to the N6 and Bern .

In 2008 , breast cancer caused 458,503 deaths worldwide -LRB- 13.7 % of cancer deaths in women -RRB- .

Leandro , full name JosÃ Leandro de Souza Ferreira , -LRB- born March 17 1959 in Cabo Frio , Brazil -RRB- is a former football defender at Flamengo , winning four Brazilian national titles , five Rio State championships , one Libertadores da AmÃ rica , and one Intercontinental Cup against Liverpool .

When Lancia pioneered the V6 in 1950 , they used a 60 Â angle between the cylinder banks and a six-throw crankshaft to achieve equally spaced firing intervals of 120 Â .

The Jewish Virtual Library also contains the Israel advocacy text `` Myths and Facts '' , edited by Mitchell Bard , in several languages .

The Belarusian language -LRB- Ð ` Ð Ð '' Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð , BGN\/PCGN : byelaruskaya mova , Scientific : belaruskaja mova , Å ac . : bieÅ aruskaja mova -RRB- is the language of the Belarusian people .

The story tells of dragon-slayer Siegfried at the court of the Burgundians , how he was murdered , and of his wife Kriemhild 's revenge .

The median age was 35 years .

It contains approximately 2700 a of redwood and grassland .

While the western part of the boulevard retained its character , the area around present-day Bebelplatz was integrated into the fortification of Berlin in the aftermath of the Thirty Years ' War , visible until today as there are no trees .

It was in part spurred on by a New York billiard table manufacturer who announced a prize of $ 10,000 for a substitute material .

Upon his conferral in 1947 he returned to his native town where he followed in his fatherâ s footsteps as a doctor .

Bouilly is a village and commune in the Aube dÃ partement of northern-central France .

Nuneaton is the largest town in the Borough of Nuneaton and Bedworth and in the English county of Warwickshire .

But by this place Christian went without much danger , whereat I somewhat wondered ; but I have learned since , that Pagan has been dead many a day ; and as for the other , though he be yet alive , he is by reason of age , and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes , grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts , that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth , grinning at Pilgrims as they go by , and biting his nails , because he can not come at them .

The explicit Protestant theology of The Pilgrim 's Progress made it much more popular than its predecessors .

My Sister 's Keeper is a 2004 novel written by New York Times Best Selling author Jodi Picoult .

The 7th century Tamil Nadu saw the rise of the Pallavas under Mahendravarman I and his son Mamalla Narasimhavarman I. The Pallavas were not a recognized political power before the 2nd century .

One form of energy can often be readily transformed into another with the help of a device - for instance , a battery , from chemical energy to electric energy ; a dam : gravitational potential energy to kinetic energy of moving water -LRB- and the blades of a turbine -RRB- and ultimately to electric energy through an electric generator .

Midhurst -LRB- ; Sussex dialect : Medhas -RRB- is a market town and civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex , England , with a population of 4,889 in 2001 .

In economics , BRIC is a grouping acronym that refers to the countries of Brazil , Russia , India and China , which are all deemed to be at a similar stage of newly advanced economic development .

BPC Section â `` 377A .

The term can refer to a formal training place for any of the Japanese do arts but typically it is considered the formal gathering place for students of any Japanese martial arts style to conduct training , examinations and other related encounters .

Following the 2001 â `` 02 season , the team relocated to New Orleans , becoming the New Orleans Hornets . After three seasons in New Orleans , Hurricane Katrina forced the franchise temporarily relocate to Oklahoma City , where they spent two seasons as the New Orleans\/Oklahoma City Hornets .

Following the war , Frederick William turned towards political reaction , abandoning the promises he had made in 1813 to supply Prussia with a constitution .

Thrash metal emerged in the early 1980s under the influence of hardcore punk and the New Wave of British Heavy Metal , particularly songs in the revved-up style known as speed metal . The movement began in the United States , with Bay Area thrash metal being the leading scene .

The prefecture -LRB- capital -RRB- is Lons-le-Saunier .

Beginning in 1925 , von Braun attended a boarding school at Ettersburg Castle near Weimar where he did not do well in physics and mathematics .

Unusually for a bird with such a large range , it has no geographical subspecies if the possibly con-specific Eaton 's Pintail is considered to be a separate species .

Over a thousand competitors took part in 19 different sports .

Rangel was hired as the first non-white employee to join the Mozambican newspaper Noticias de Tarde in 1952 , where he worked as a photographer .

Its underwings are yellowish with black speckles .

The upperside is creamy white with black tips to the forewings .

Tatsuya Ishikawa ç å ç `` ä -LRB- born December 25 , 1979 in Fujieda , Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player .

Code licensed under the GNU GPL can be used in other projects , so long as they also are released under the same or a compatible license . In order to make the Linux available for commercial use , Torvalds initiated a switch from his original license -LRB- which prohibited commercial redistribution -RRB- to the GNU GPL .

The GPL requires that anyone who distributes Linux must make the source code -LRB- and any modifications -RRB- available to the recipient under the same terms .

The movement 's purpose was to reaffirm key theological tenets and zealously defend them against the challenges of liberal theology and higher criticism .

Originally a two-year teacher 's college when opened in 1913 , Minot State became a university in 1987 .

The house was built between 1845 and 1851 for Queen Victoria and Prince Albert as a summer home and rural retreat .

A remix of `` Banquet '' by The Streets , as well as a music video for the song , were included in the `` Two More Years '' single .

However , Moakes said on the group 's official Internet forum that it was more a merging of the eastern `` Blocs '' and the western `` parties '' , in the political sense .

On 1 February 2007 , A Weekend in the City was made available to listen to for free through the Bloc Party 's official MySpace page .

Being grateful , the French king spread around the information about the food which had cured him .

Lee Harvey Oswald was charged with the crime but was shot and killed two days later by Jack Ruby before any trial .

Agnez-l Ã s-Duisans is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .

Shunta Nagai is a Japanese football player .

The fixed field windings consist of tightly wound coils of wire fitted inside the motor case .

Traditionally road vehicles -LRB- cars , buses and trucks -RRB- have used diesel and petrol engines with a mechanical or hydraulic transmission system .

Verlincthun is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

Adobe Systems , which acquired Aldus , now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification .

In 1800 , the whole of the Northwest Territory had 43,365 residents .

It was in commemoration of Patroclus that the Greeks later introduced boxing -LRB- pygme \/ pygmachia -RRB- to the Olympic Games in 688 BC .

Until around 500 BC himantes were used as protection for the knuckles and hand .

A similar course would seem to be advisable here ; the designation V for the inner satellite was tolerated for a time , as it was considered to be in a class by itself ; but it has now got companions , so that this subterfuge disappears .

Longeville-sur-Mer is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .

The Ents attack Isengard , trapping Saruman in the tower of Orthanc . Gandalf , ThÃ oden and the others arrive at Isengard to confront Saruman .

Yi Jianlian -LRB- , born October 27 , 1987 -LRB- disputed -RRB- in Heshan , Guangdong , China -RRB- is a Chinese professional basketball player for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .

Watford is a station at the end of the Watford branch of London Underground 's Metropolitan Line in the north-western part of the network in Zone 7 , previously zone A.

It was the franchise 's 35th season in the National Hockey League , 28th season as the Calgary Flames .

In recent years , however , this series appears to have been discontinued .

They are cells that possess a large smooth nucleus , a large area of cytoplasm and many internal vesicles for processing foreign material .

Cremated remains can be kept in an urn , stored in a special memorial building -LRB- columbarium -RRB- , buried in the ground at many locations or sprinkled on a special field , mountain , or in the sea . In addition , there are several services in which the cremated remains will be scattered in a variety of ways and locations .

With the release of The Sims 2 in 2004 , Maxis ' logo was only displayed at the back of the box as well as the title screen at the launch of the game .

This is a list of Number 1 hit singles in 1996 in New Zealand , starting with the first chart dated , 12 January 1996 .

When depicted he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face .

Nieuwerkerken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .

Renowned artist Tone -LRB- ä '' ç è '' -RRB- formed this band after releasing his first debut album titled '' æ ` ç 6:57 am '' -LRB- My 6:57 AM -RRB- , and recruited two other members to form Cool Silly : Rapper\/actor Leeway -LRB- è -- å å ï 1\/4 and singer\/composer Ray Liu -LRB- å è '' ' è `` -RRB- .

Although he started with the Model A , there were not 19 production models -LRB- A through T -RRB- ; some were only prototypes . The production model immediately before the Model T was the Model S , an upgraded version of the company 's largest success to that point , the Model N. The follow-up was the Ford Model A and not the Model U. Company publicity said this was because the new car was such a departure from the old that Henry wanted to start all over again with the letter A. As it happens , the first Plymouth car -LRB- 1928 -RRB- , built by competitor Chrysler Corporation , was named Model U.

The water organ or hydraulic organ -LRB- early types are sometimes called hydraulis , hydraulos , hydraulus or hydraula -RRB- is a type of pipe organ blown by air , where the power source pushing the air is derived by water from a natural source -LRB- e.g. by a waterfall -RRB- or by a manual pump . Consequently , the water organ lacks a bellows , blower , or compressor .

Huxley compares these remains with existing human races .

Active anaphylaxis is what is naturally observed . Two weeks or so after an animal , including humans , is exposed to certain allergens , active anaphylaxis -LRB- which is simply called `` anaphylaxis '' -RRB- would be elicited upon exposure to the same allergens .

The team owner , principal and crew , however , did not need to have the same nationality as the team .

Unlike most other herons , it feeds in relatively dry grassy habitats , often accompanying cattle or other large mammals , since it catches insect and small vertebrate prey disturbed by these animals .

It was certified 14 times platinum by the BPI , four times platinum by the RIAA , eight times platinum by the CRIA and six times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association .

The Proto-Elamite city of Susa was founded around 4000 BC in the watershed of the river Karun .

Fireheart and Sandstorm rescue Cloudpaw , who is found near the barn where Ravenpaw and Barley live . He is accepted back into the Clan , since Fireheart keeps it a secret that Cloudpaw went to humans for food .

The leaves are parallel-veined , and usually appear long and pointed , often with a hardened spine on the end , and sometimes with additional spines along the margins .

Wolverhampton is a city and metropolitan borough in the West Midlands , England .

Spirochaetes are distinguished from other bacterial phyla by the location of their flagella , sometimes called axial filaments , which run lengthwise between the bacterial inner membrane and outer membrane in periplasmic space .

The official name of the park is Ueno Onshi KÅ en , which can be translated as `` Ueno Imperial Gift Park '' .

It is framed as a letter from Gilbert Markham to his friend and brother-in-law about the events leading to his meeting his wife .

ZIP '' and the MIME media type , although the ZIP file format has also been used by many programs , usually under a different name .

But , as used by Ã mile Durkheim and later theorists , anomie is a reaction against or a retreat from the regulatory social controls of society , and is a completely separate concept from anarchy which is an absence of effective rulers or leaders .

The mountains reach a height of 1547 m. The northern island contains many glaciers , while the southern one has a tundra landscape .

The film began production in early 2007 and was released on July 16 , 2008 in Australia and July 18 , 2008 in the United States , to overwhelming critical acclaim with some critics calling it the greatest comic-book based movie ever made .

Once they get back to camp , it turns out the capture the flag game has not ended yet , and Annabeth puts them in jail .

The measurements determine whether the soil is strong enough to build a road on .

Their main aim was to harvest trepang -LRB- sea cucumber -RRB- , turtle shell , pearls and other prized items to trade in their homeland .

Crocodile hunting which has been banned since 1972 made a huge impact on crocodile populations .

The Border Store near Ubirr Art Site and Cahills Crossing , 50km north of Jabiru , is a general store .

Fifty-three species of freshwater fish have been recorded in Kakaduâ s waterways ; eight of them have a restricted distribution .

The main source of revenue comes from Coffee that is grown in the mountainous regions of the province , and during the coffee harvest , there may be roadblocks , where soldiers ensure that the coffee is delivered to the government and not the black market .

However , in 1529 the foundation was taken over by King Henry VIII .

Portland Point is the southernmost point in Jamaica .

McCartney had never been satisfied with this style , which he described as `` chunky . ''

Since 2000 , the president of the ICRC has been Jakob Kellenberger , a reclusive man who rarely makes diplomatic appearances but who is skilled in personal negotiation and comfortable with the dynamics of the Assembly .

The International Committee of the Red Cross -LRB- ICRC -RRB- is a private humanitarian institution based in Geneva , Switzerland . States parties -LRB- signatories -RRB- to the four Geneva Conventions of 1949 and their Additional Protocols of 1977 and 2005 , have given the ICRC a mandate to protect the victims of international and internal armed conflicts .

VÃ sines is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

Many trilobites developed bizarre spines and nodules to defend against predators such as primitive sharks and nautiloids while other trilobites such as Aeglina prisca evolved to become swimming forms .

Crafts experienced a surprising expansion , and there were around 15 guilds active in the town ; the bootmaker and the most famous furrier guild were the ones to survive for the longest time .

World War II brought an end to the race , but it was revived in 1962 as part of the Formula One circuit .

In American drum and bugle corps , G was the traditional key for bugles to be pitched in through the year 2000 .

In 1919 , the municipalities of Langdorf , Kurzdorf , Huben , Herten , and Horgenbach became part of Frauenfeld .

Curtis , one of nine children .

Le Ponchel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

HTML , which stands for HyperText Markup Language , is the predominant markup language for web pages . HTML is the basic building-blocks of webpages .

Le Portel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

She sang there some 270 times in La bohÃ me , Madama Butterfly , Tosca , Manon Lescaut , La Fanciulla del West , Otello , La forza del destino , Simon Boccanegra , Falstaff , Andrea ChÃ nier , La Gioconda and Violetta in a production of La traviata created specially for her .

It is part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .

Though the main prize for PepsiCo was Gatorade noncarbonated sports drink , Quaker 's cereal and snack food division serves as seemingly healthier complement to the existing Frito-Lay salty-snacks division .

That said , Alice was not particularly enamored with FDR either ; she described Franklin as `` two-thirds mush and one-third Eleanor '' .

The number of domino tilings of a 2 Ã -- 2 checkerboard is 2 .

Cells may enter a period of rest known as interkinesis or interphase II .

Seeing that he was facing ever-greater difficulties , Galerius made the first advances towards reconciliation , and dispatched two officers to tempt the Romans by the offer of a conference , and the declaration of his paternal regard for Maxentius , reminding them that they would obtain much more from his willing generosity that anything that might have been obtained through a military campaign .

Galeriusâ need for additional revenue had persuaded him to make a very strict and rigorous examination of the property of his subjects for the purpose of a general taxation .

In frustration , Galerius allowed his legions to ravage the countryside as they passed northwards .

-LRB- Protoclepsydrops is slightly older , but its status as a synapsid is unclear as the remains are more fragmentary -RRB- .

; autoEdTag This string is added to the edit summary box when you run the script .

; autoEdMinor This defines whether or not the `` minor '' checkbox is checked when you use the script .

This color is reproduced at right : it is equivalent to the web color mistakenly called `` Violet '' which is actually a light violet , i.e. , a lavender of medium saturation -LRB- see the colors displayed in the article on violet for a comparison of the so-called web color `` violet '' with the actual color violet , which is color # 8B00FF : actual color violet -RRB- . Although the web color `` violet '' may be called light violet it is technically actually a light magenta , since the red and blue values of the color are equal -LRB- which signifies for computer display that this color is a shade of magenta -RRB- , and therefore another name for this color is lavender magenta , analogous to the colors lavender gray , lavender indigo , lavender blue , lavender rose , and lavender pink .

Many factors are taken into account when assessing conservation status : not simply the number of individuals remaining , but the overall increase or decrease in the population over time , breeding success rates , known threats , and so on .

Rochelle is a city in Ogle County , Illinois , United States .

Due to destructive impacts , the name Connie was retired , and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .

Such bunkers give the defending soldiers better protection than the open trench and also include top protection against aerial attack -LRB- grenades , mortar shells -RRB- .

An estimated 64,600 Syrians emigrated to the United States between 1961 and 2000 .

Nanjing -LRB- ; ; Romanizations : NÃ njÄ `` ng -LRB- Pinyin -RRB- , Nan-ching -LRB- Wade-Giles -RRB- , Nanking -LRB- Postal map spelling -RRB- -RRB- is the capital of Jiangsu province , China , and has a prominent place in Chinese history and culture .

The population was 232 at the 2000 census .

Kyle is one of the show 's four central characters , along with his friends Stan Marsh , Kenny McCormick , and Eric Cartman .

To prove the point to skeptics , he sexed the flies carefully , and reared them from pupae .

Noxious animals usually have thick , leathery cuticles through which , at certain points , they extrude noxious fluids when pecked ; they will often survive a ` trial ' .

1821-41 : Childhood and schooling , near Erfurt .

It is also known as ' .

Marlboro are generally credited as being among the most important of sponsors to the world of Formula 1 -LRB- and motor racing in general -RRB- in terms of the amount of financial backing given to various competitors .

Markus Schopp -LRB- born 22 February 1974 in Graz , Austria -RRB- is a retired Austrian football midfielder .

This site is the former RAF Hethel base and the test track uses sections of the old runway .

Christopher Edmund `` Chris '' Kirkland -LRB- born 2 May 1981 in Leicestershire , England -RRB- is an English footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Wigan Athletic in the Premier League .

Hynobius amjiensis is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family .

For some musical styles , such as jazz and ragtime , syncopation is an essential part of their character .

Theodore Long still had problems with Booker T and his defense of the United States title , however , as Booker T attempted to get out of title defenses on a number of occasions by pretending to be injured , and having other wrestlers fight on his behalf .

CraveOnline is a male lifestyle website based in Los Angeles with sales offices in New York , Chicago , and San Francisco .

The first was in Cloudcroft , New Mexico , where the presence of Pan made the birds on Grover 's coffee cup and a rubber rat come to life , also bringing a giant wild boar to help Percy , Thalia , him , Bianca and Zoe escape the skeletal army .

At the end of the book Grover gets his searchers license to go look for Pan , the god of the Wild .

Please do not attack other contributors , as you did with -LRB- this edit -RRB- to : .

He would stay with the English Montreal team until they folded following the 1938 season .

His best-known compositions include `` Werewolves of London '' , `` Lawyers , Guns and Money '' , `` Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner '' and `` Johnny Strikes Up The Band , '' all of which are featured on his third album , Excitable Boy -LRB- 1978 -RRB- .

Floodlights were installed in 1953 , and in 1957 , prompted by the hosting of two FA Cup semi-finals in successive years , the side facing the Main Stand -LRB- which until that time was generally known as the Popular Side -RRB- was redeveloped and named The Kippax Stand after a nearby street .

Le Reculey is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

HagÃ tÃ a is located at the mouth of the HagÃ tÃ a river on Guam 's west coast .

The film was released on December 12 , 2006 and had an official soundtrack album released on November 21 , 2006 .

It is notable for its design and interiors by Charles Barry and his son , Edward Middleton Barry , and for its sculptures by John Thomas .

Many politicians make it a point on this day to appear at a public event to praise the nation 's heritage , laws , history , society , and people .

It was set in Kenya 's Shaba National Reserve on the African continent .

In the fifth episode , after 12 days , three members from each team were switched to the other team , in what became known as the first `` twist '' in the Survivor series .

Pac-Man is often credited with being a landmark in video game history , and is among the most famous arcade games of all time .

The White Nights Festival consists of a series of classical ballet , opera and music events and includes performances by Russian dancers , singers , musicians and actors , as well as famous international guest stars .

The White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg , Russia is an annual international arts festival during the season of the midnight sun .

It has a coast on the Adriatic Sea to the west , and on the Ionian Sea to the southwest .

The lighting conditions in 's part of the orbit were different during these two observations , however , with the discovery being made when the region was strongly backlit by the sun .

Wells Cathedral dates primarily from the late 12th century and early 13th century ; the nave and transept are masterpieces of the Early English style of architecture .

The back straight of the main circuit becomes the pit straight when the south circuit is in use , and joins onto turn 8 of the main circuit to form a hairpin turn .

Liu named his dynasty `` Han '' , historically known as `` Western Han Dynasty '' , and he became known as Emperor Gao -LRB- or Gaozu -RRB- .

They become pathological or piles when swollen or inflamed .

A straw poll was held on 24 September 1950 in WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Hohenzollern , WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Baden , and Baden regarding a merger of the three states .

January 9 , 2009 was the last airing of Hannity & Colmes , with January 12 marking the beginning of the new Hannity program .

The director and deputy director are responsible for administration , planning , budgeting and day-to-day operations of the foundation , while the NSB meets six times a year to establish its overall policies .

The Rio Hondo College and Rio Hondo Preparatory School were named after the river .

These Canons set forth what is often referred to as the Five Points of Calvinism .

It ate small mammals and carrion .

Modern population-based health management is complex , requiring a multiple set of skills -LRB- medical , political , technological , mathematical etc. -RRB- of which epidemiological practice and analysis is a core component , that is unified with management science to provide efficient and effective health care and health guidance to a population .

Arriva Trains Wales is a train operating company , ultimately owned by Deutsche Bahn , that operates urban and inter urban passenger services in Wales and the Welsh Marches .

Although instant messaging delivers many benefits , it also carries with it certain risks and liabilities , particularly when used in workplaces . Among these risks and liabilities are :

East Kilbride is a large suburban town in the South Lanarkshire council area , in the West Central Lowlands of Scotland .

Sacramento is the capital city of the U.S. state of California , and the county seat of Sacramento County . It is located at the confluence of the Sacramento River and the American River in the northern portion of California 's expansive Central Valley .

Valid values are Ia , Ib , II , III , IV , V and VI .

He became the head of the Ancient Church of the East in October 1968 and relocated to Baghdad .

It is a migratory insectivorous species breeding in forest and scrub in Europe and south-west Asia , but is not found naturally in the Americas .

As part of their routine , they clean the exhibits and report health problems .

This trait was subsequently lost in the Sauropsid line , but developed further in the synapsids .

Originally , the opening in the skull left the inner cranium only covered by the jaw muscles , but in higher therapsids and mammals the sphenoid bone has expanded to close the opening .

Later , he helped facilitate negotiations between the CAHA and the International Ice Hockey Federation -LRB- IIHF -RRB- .

Aarburg is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

The remaining three teams would complete the season .

Montreal 's Dave Ritchie scored the first goal in NHL history and Harry Hyland had four goals in the Wanderers 10 â `` 9 victory , which would be their only one in the NHL .

Saint - Ã tienne-de-Serre is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .

Tybalt is a fictional character and the main antagonist in William Shakespeare 's play Romeo and Juliet .

The or Bayreuth Festival Theatre is an opera house north of Bayreuth , Germany , dedicated solely to the performance of operas by the 19th-century German composer Richard Wagner .

Oklahoma later became the de facto name for Oklahoma Territory , and it was officially approved in 1890 , two years after the area was opened to white settlers .

Remember to start from 2 , since the `` name '' is number 1 .

Here are the codes to emulate , and respectively .

Here are some ideas for usage :

Thom Yorke and Colin Greenwood were in the same year , Ed O'Brien and Phil Selway were one year older and Jonny Greenwood two years younger than his brother .

Gravitational energy is the energy associated with the gravitational field .

Toro Rosso claim that this design was originally produced during 2004 by Jaguar Racing , Red Bull 's predecessor , and that the intellectual rights had belonged to the Ford Motor Company , Jaguar Racing 's parent company before passing to Toro Rosso .

On 16 July 2009 , the team announced that SÃ bastien Bourdais ' contract was to be terminated with immediate effect due to disappointing results .

The 2008 UEFA Cup Final was the 37th final of the UEFA Cup , UEFA 's second tier club football tournament .

It features a green field with a vertical red stripe near the hoist side , containing five carpet guls -LRB- designs used in producing rugs -RRB- stacked above two crossed olive branches similar to those on the flag of the United Nations ; a white waxing crescent moon , typical of Turkic symbology , and five white five-pointed stars appear in the upper corner of the field just to the fly side of the red stripe .

A racing version was also available for a short time - FBE - with individual throttle butterflies for each cylinder .

FBB and FBD engines did exist as development engines but these were never released .

Based in San Diego , California , Lindows , Inc. was founded in August 2001 by Michael Robertson with the goal of developing a Linux-based operating system capable of running major Microsoft Windows applications .

In some Romanesque or Gothic monasteries , the entrance to the chapter house constitutes a veritable faÃ ade in miniature , with a door surrounded by highly decorated archivolts .

It reached its peak intensity on August 1 , with winds of 135 mph -LRB- 215 km\/h -RRB- and a central pressure of 946 millibars , making it the strongest hurricane of the season at a Category 4 strength .

It ended on November 30 , 1996 .

The languages of the Caucasus are a large and extremely varied array of languages spoken by more than ten million people in and around the Caucasus Mountains , which lie between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea .

The team was formed in October 2007 when a consortium led by Indian businessman Vijay Mallya and Michiel Mol bought the Spyker F1 team for â 88 million .

Organic compounds may be classified in a variety of ways . One major distinction is between natural and synthetic compounds .

In 1520 Raphael also died , aged 37 , and his successor Baldassare Peruzzi maintained changes that Raphael had proposed to the internal arrangement of the three main apses , but otherwise reverted to the Greek Cross plan and other features of Bramante .

On 3 September 2007 the CSO studio was dropped in a relaunch which saw a small real set built in TC12 .

She is the mother of actors Oliver Hudson and Kate Hudson .

Set to only the image name , e.g. , not or .

The album was released in 2001 .

Seiichi Sakiya -LRB- born December 1 , 1950 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

Aside from its coffee , tea , hot chocolate , and doughnuts , the Tim Hortons menu now contains a number of other baked goods , such as Timbits -LRB- miniature balls of doughnut dough -RRB- , muffins , croissants , tea biscuits , cookies , rolls , danishes , and more recently bagels â `` of which Tim Hortons sells one out of every two in the Canadian food service industry .

Sir Peter Maxwell Davies , CBE -LRB- born 8 September 1934 -RRB- is an English composer and conductor and is currently Master of the Queen 's Music .

George Canning 's friendship with Sheridan would last for the remainder of Sheridan 's life .

Sagan was married three times : in 1957 , to biologist Lynn Margulis , mother of Dorion Sagan and Jeremy Sagan ; in 1968 , to artist Linda Salzman , mother of Nick Sagan ; and in 1981 , to author Ann Druyan , mother of Alexandra Rachel -LRB- Sasha -RRB- Sagan and Samuel Democritus Sagan . His marriage to Druyan continued until his death in 1996 .

Sean Maher recalls reading for the part and liking the character of Simon Tam , but that it was Whedon 's personality and vision that `` sealed the deal '' for him .

Although Rattle studied piano and violin , his early work with orchestras was as a percussionist .

Student Cabinet is in charge of numerous agendas including dances , some fundraisers , school spirit and community involvement .

Conlie is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .

In 1982 Misfits released their first full length album Walk Among Us .

When reference is made to the unit kelvin -LRB- either a specific temperature or a temperature interval -RRB- , kelvin is always spelled with a lowercase k unless it is the first word in a sentence .

At the end of 2004 , it had 85,829 inhabitants .

`` He Was n't '' is the fourth single from Avril Lavigne 's second album Under My Skin .

A massive worldwide phenomenon now in progress involves millions of individuals , organizations and corporations around the world who are realizing a responsibility and ability to contribute positively to the collective future of humanity and Earth .

The planet Caldari Prime was retained by the Gallente Federation during the war , and did not become part of the new Caldari State .

The game features a modified alert scheme with police , SWAT , military awareness , and nexo alert .

The game was developed by THQ 's Sandblast Games studio for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 consoles .

Cannon Street station , also known as London Cannon Street , is a central London railway terminus and London Underground station complex in the City of London , the financial district of London in England .

He plays as a prop.

The remaining eastern portion of the territory -LRB- the portions in present-day southern Idaho and western Wyoming -RRB- was added to the Washington Territory .

The blood is pumped by three separate hearts : two branchial hearts pump blood to the cuttlefish 's pair of gills -LRB- one heart for each -RRB- , and the third pumps blood around the rest of the body .

Australia has regularly issued commemorative 50-cent coins .

Hanna and Barbera ultimately wrote and directed one hundred and fourteen Tom and Jerry cartoons at the MGM cartoon studio in Hollywood , California between 1940 and 1957 , when the animation unit was closed .

There are many philosophical issues concerning the existence of God .

The Marsupial Lion -LRB- Thylacoleo carnifex , the `` murderous -LRB- or ` meat-cutting ' -RRB- marsupial lion '' from thylakos - pouch , leo - lion , carnifex - murderer , tormentor , ` butcher ' -RRB- is an extinct species of carnivorous marsupial mammal that lived in Australia from the early to the late Pleistocene -LRB- 1,600,000 â `` 46,000 years ago -RRB- .

Ararat is nestled between several mountain ranges , including the Grampians National Park , Mount Langi Ghiran , Mount Cole , Mount Buangor , Ararat Hills Regional Park and the Pyrenees Ranges .

Aluminium arsenide or aluminum arsenide is a semiconductor material with almost the same lattice constant as gallium arsenide and aluminium gallium arsenide and wider band gap than gallium arsenide .

Moreover , Ebner 's metaphors have been described as `` passing beyond reality without losing ground '' .

The plants in Schedule VI are prohibited from cultivation and planting .

In the World Chess Championship 1993 , he qualified for the Candidates via the Interzonal . He won his first Candidates match , but was knocked out in the second -LRB- quarter-final -RRB- round by Nigel Short .

In 1988 he tied for first in the World Junior Championship , the title however going to JoÃ `` l Lautier .

Richard III is a history play by William Shakespeare , believed to have been written in approximately 1591 , depicting the Machiavellian rise to power and subsequent short reign of Richard III of England .

Epstein was then offered a contract by Martin on behalf of EMI 's small Parlophone label , even though they had previously been rejected by almost every other British record company .

A distinctive trait of Valencian pilota is that the spectators are often seated or standing very close to the court which means that they may be hit by the ball and thus become an -LRB- unwilling -RRB- part of the game .

I am very sorry to say That ninety lives have been taken away On the last Sabbath day of 1879 , Which will be remember 'd for a very long time .

McGonagall told the man that `` it was so very bad that Her Majesty had thanked -LRB- McGonagall -RRB- for what -LRB- the Chief Templar -RRB- had condemned . ''

The MÃ nsteds also bred Scottish hunting dogs and kept race horses in the barn .

The circuit can be used in three configurations ; the full circuit , the `` Suzuka East '' and `` Suzuka West '' configuration .

Any other relationship does not enjoy legal protection , making the woman essentially a mistress .

In historical practice , the first day of a nengÅ starts whenever the emperor chooses ; and the first year continues until the next lunar new year , which is understood to be the start of the nengÅ 's second year .

The plumbing system is made up of a system of fractures , fissures , porous spaces and sometimes cavities .

Arunachal Pradesh is a state of India , located in the far northeast .

V. He that is found Guilty of Gaming , or Defrauding one another to the value of a Royal of Plate , shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit .

Osei Bonsu -LRB- died January 21 , 1824 -RRB- was the Asantehene -LRB- King of the Ashanti -RRB- .

Bull Hill , also unofficially known as Mount Taurus , is a mountain north of the village of Cold Spring on the Hudson River in Putnam County in the U.S. state of New York .

Offrethun is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

The six editions of his An Essay on the Principle of Population , published from 1798 to 1826 , observed that sooner or later population gets checked by famine and disease .

Roman Weidenfeller -LRB- born 6 August 1980 in Diez , Germany -RRB- is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Borussia Dortmund in the German Bundesliga .

Her role as Lorelei Lee , a gold-digging showgirl , required her to act , sing , and dance .

He later hosted a birthday party for her , but the evening ended with a public quarrel , and Monroe left the party without him .

Some Like it Hot became a resounding success , and was nominated for six Academy Awards .

The name Mortenson is listed as her surname on the birth certificate , although Gladys immediately had it changed to Baker , the surname of her first husband and which she still used .

The film was directed by Billy Wilder and co-starred Jack Lemmon and Tony Curtis .

Monroe 's health deteriorated during this period , and she began to see a Los Angeles psychiatrist , Dr. Ralph Greenson .

Following her dismissal , Monroe engaged in several high-profile publicity ventures .

Almost all scholars today view this as historical revisionism , or prolepsis , on Hatshepsut 's part since it was Thutmose II -- a son of Thutmose I by Mutnofret -- who was her father 's heir . Moreover , Thutmose I could not have foreseen that his daughter Hatshepsut would outlive his son within his own lifetime .

She was the 4th woman to be principal for the famous school : Anne Marie Milan Desguillons had been the first in 1793-1800 , but she was principal jointly with her spouse .

There is usually little or no swelling , and it is rare for any nearby lymph nodes to be affected .

This county has a total area of 5,432 kmÂ .

This is the largest of the precincts of the temple complex , and is dedicated to Amun-Re , the chief deity of the Theban Triad .

It is also known by the Oklahoma Department of Tourism designation , Frontier Country .

This subtemplate of is used to do the actual multiplication and addition needed to create a decimal number from a hexadecimal string .

The finished album , Watershed , features seven tracks , with cover songs used as bonus tracks on different versions of the album . Watershed was released on June 3 , 2008 .

`` The decision has been the toughest I 've ever made but it is the right one to make at this point in my life , '' Lindgren said .

Fourniret has been charged with the abduction of minors and sexual misconduct , and has been in detention since June 2003 for the attempted kidnapping of a 14-year-old girl in 2000 .

He was elected on 1 February 1949 , and served until his death in 1952 .

While the limits of the Rubioideae remained almost unchanged in the face of molecular studies , the Antirheoideae was showen to be polyphyletic , while the Ixoroideae was broadened and the Cinchonoideae narrowed . The genera are distributed into tribes , and these placed in one of three recognized subfamilies .

The word Quokka is derived from a Nyungar word , which was probably Gwaga .

Fundu Moldovei is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .

Profiling experts believe that Chandler may have killed previously , based on the speculation that a first-time killer would not be experienced or bold enough to abduct and kill three women at once .

In Roman Catholic and Eastern and Oriental Orthodox usage , the term `` virgin birth '' means not only that Mary was a virgin when she conceived and gave birth , but remained a virgin throughout her life , a belief attested since the 2nd century .

Ilulissat Icefjord , a fjord southeast of Ilulissat , was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2004 .

The Cayman Islands Civil Service College , a unit of Cayman Islands government organised under the Portfolio of the Civil Service , is also located in Grand Cayman .

The graph of the n-hypercube 's edges is isomorphic to the Hasse diagram of the -LRB- n-1 -RRB- - simplex 's face lattice .

These clouds can form alone , in clusters , or along a cold front in a squall line .

Most of the workers involved in the riot returned the following day but refused to work .

In 1988 , he founded the music festival Wien Modern , which has since expanded to include all aspects of contemporary art .

The BR-101 is the main link to the city , and highways SC-100 , BR-486 , SC-470 and BR-470 , ItajaÃ link to the rest of the state .

Before the adoption of the symbol , the most commonly used symbols for the rupee were Rs , Re or if the text was in an Indian language , then an appropriate abbreviation in that language .

But local households are restricted in their ability to do global diversification .

In Somalia the Italian colonial authority minted ` rupia ' to exactly the same standard , and called the pice ` besa ' .

Metis was discovered in 1979 by Stephen P. Synnott in images taken by the Voyager 1 probe and was provisionally designated as ' .

See Greedy Nim .

The Illuminatus !

The resulting refugee crisis led to the intervention by India , eventually leading to the surrender of the Pakistani Army .

Red Bull is an energy drink sold by the Austrian Red Bull GmbH .

The main sports played in American Samoa are Samoan cricket , baseball , basketball , soccer , and American football . In Samoan villages , volleyball is also popular .

FranÃ ois Bourdoncle -LRB- born 1964 -RRB- is founder and CEO of the search engine company Exalead .

L' Ã toile du Nord is a French phrase meaning `` The Star of the North '' .

The joint Allied intervention began in August 1918 .

When IE better supports PNGs , we can swap the better format back in .

Dundee Football Club , founded in 1893 , are a football club based in the city of Dundee , Scotland .

He was one of Disney 's Nine Old Men , and the last surviving at the time of his death .

This was called `` free castling '' .

Game animals are also hunted for sport .

A number can be symbolic of a player 's legacy , and has resulted in all kinds of superstition .

Babozai is a town and union council of Mardan District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .

Aying is a municipality in the district of Munich in Bavaria , Germany .

Begins at Frankston station on the Frankston line .

In an extension of his ionic theory Arrhenius proposed definitions for acids and bases , in 1884 .

Ferydoon Zandi -LRB- , born in Emden , Germany , on April 26 , 1979 -RRB- is a German-Iranian football midfielder .

These proved unreliable , and were removed during mid-life refurbishment , but the `` Hoover '' nickname stuck .

Alpirsbach is a town in the district of Freudenstadt in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg in southern Germany .

However , the Council has always maintained that secrecy is necessary to arrive at consensus and to preserve the collegiality and political independence of the individual Councillors .

The charity was started to provide funding for the education and shelter of Thai children .

Established in 1883 , the team originated in Brooklyn , New York , where it was known by a number of nicknames before becoming the Dodgers definitively by 1932 . The team moved to Los Angeles before the 1958 season .

In the beginning she only published in Austrian literary magazines , for example in Zenit and Wienzeile .

Pittsfield is a city in Pike County , Illinois , United States .

In 1865 KekulÃ published a paper in French -LRB- for he was then still in Francophone Belgium -RRB- suggesting that the structure contained a six-membered ring of carbon atoms with alternating single and double bonds .

While the disease is caused by a reaction to wheat proteins , it is not the same as wheat allergy .

Instances of dirty paper coding include Costa precoding -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , Tomlinson-Harashima precoding -LRB- 1971 -RRB- and the vector perturbation technique of Hochwald et al . -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .

The current population stems from this herd . These deer are now found in zoos around the world .

PÃ re David 's Deer , Elaphurus davidianus , also known as the Milu , is a species of deer known only in captivity .

Most frequently , the term refers to Sexual abstinence , or abstention from alcohol or food .

A number of actions on the English Wikipedia are restricted to user accounts that pass certain thresholds of age -LRB- time passed since the first edit -RRB- and edit count : users who meet these requirements are considered part of the pseudo-group ` autoconfirmed ' .

Top 20 albums include Gossip , Under the Sun , Comedy , Songs from the South -LRB- 1997 compilation , his best charting album -RRB- , ... Nothing but a Dream and Stolen Apples .

The hurricane rapidly strengthened to attain peak winds of 175 mph -LRB- 280 km\/h -RRB- , and on September 2 Anita made landfall in eastern Tamaulipas as a Category 5 hurricane .

Compassion for all life , human and nonhuman , is central to Hinduism , Buddhism , which was founded by Siddhattha Gotama ; and also Jainism , which was founded by Mahavira 599 â `` 527 BC .

The current Mayor of Oslo is Fabian Stang .

Grameen claims that more than half of its borrowers in Bangladesh -LRB- close to 50 million -RRB- have risen out of acute poverty thanks to their loan , as measured by such standards as having all children of school age in school , all household members eating three meals a day , a sanitary toilet , a rainproof house , clean drinking water and the ability to repay a 300 taka-a-week -LRB- around 4 USD -RRB- loan .

Blooming Time : April - May .

A nurseryman named Williams later acquired the variety , and after introducing it to the rest of England , the pear became known as the Williams Pear .

Most computer models consistently predicted Debby to track to the northwest throughout its lifetime , though intensity was more problematic for forecasters .

Despite a decrease in convection shortly after forming , the large depression remained well organized , with a wind field 575 mi -LRB- 930 km -RRB- in diameter .

At the Reward Challenge , Ulong mismatched Koror in another reward challenge blow-out ; giving Koror a sewing kit .

At Ulong , Angie still felt isolation after deemed as a weak link from last challenge but quickly gained the respect of her teammates by singlehandedly winning the Reward Challenge for Ulong .

At Ulong , Bobby Jon became angry and blamed himself about the loss , which scared Stephenie .

When it comes to conducting tests related to intelligence , learning , and drug abuse , rats are a popular choice due to their high intelligence , ingenuity , aggressiveness , and adaptability .

Their first known occurrence in the fossil record is during the Devonian period , 417-354 million years ago .

For smart cards that use electrical conductors see smart card .

The return of Saturday Night 's Main Event to NBC also led to more interaction between the brands .

Double protection schemes such as RAID 6 are attempting to address this issue , but suffer from a very high write penalty .

Firmware controllers often can only use certain types of hard drives in their RAID arrays -LRB- e.g. SATA for Intel Matrix RAID -RRB- , as there is neither SCSI nor PATA support in modern Intel ICH southbridges ; however , motherboard makers implement RAID controllers outside of the southbridge on some motherboards . Before their introduction , a `` RAID controller '' implied that the controller did the processing , and the new type has become known by some as `` fake RAID '' even though the RAID itself is implemented correctly .

Paton is a city in Greene County , Iowa , United States .

The Synod of Dort -LRB- also known as the Synod of Dordt or the Synod of Dordrecht -RRB- was a National Synod held in Dordrecht in 1618-1619 , by the Dutch Reformed Church , to settle a serious controversy in the Dutch churches initiated by the rise of Arminianism .

A convenient short-hand way of capturing this view of metaphor is the following : CONCEPTUAL DOMAIN -LRB- A -RRB- IS CONCEPTUAL DOMAIN -LRB- B -RRB- , which is what is called a conceptual metaphor . A conceptual metaphor consists of two conceptual domains , in which one domain is understood in terms of another .

`` Spy Hard '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic used as the theme song to the film of the same name .

Edith Frank was the more devout parent , while Otto Frank was interested in scholarly pursuits and had an extensive library ; both parents encouraged the children to read .

EscÅ `` uilles -LRB- or Escoeuilles -RRB- is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

However , the meaning of `` littoral zone '' can extend well beyond the intertidal zone .

Consistent with our model , however , these increases did not occur . ''

Once both ISA and microarchitecture have been specified , the actual device needs to be designed into hardware .

Monceau-le-Neuf-et-Faucouzy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

Marles-sur-Canche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

Claude Dambury -LRB- born 30 July 1971 -RRB- is a former French football player .

VÃ zina was diagnosed with tuberculosis , and died on , 1926 .

Available by annual subscription , the magazine is read in over 140 countries by transport professionals and decision makers , railway managers , engineers , consultants and suppliers to the rail industry .

Elderly chondrosteans show beginnings of ossification of the skeleton which suggests that this process is delayed rather than lost in these fish .

On May 11 , 2007 the NAâ s chief executive , who also happens to be the Minister for Kashmir Affairs and Northern Areas Affairs , declared that the region had a right to be represented in the National Assembly .

He began playing bass when he was thirteen-years-old , and , as of September 2007 , uses a Sandberg bass .

Bill Kaulitz was born on September 1 , 1989 in Leipzig ten minutes after his identical twin brother , Tom .

The similar social structure is attributed to convergent evolution .

As a Germanic language , Gothic is a part of the Indo-European language family .

No haploid spores capable of dividing are produced , so neither is a haploid gametophyte .

The Bell River Wine Estate is nearby as is the Nangara Gallery , it has a collection of Aboriginal artefacts .

It was criticised for having a loose plot , however , as well as poor characterization .

Heilbronn is also the `` major economic center '' of the Heilbronn-Franken region that includes almost the entire northeast of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg .

In his youth , he identified himself as a Catholic and professed respect for Church hierarchy and authority .

Namal Lake is located in one corner of the Namal valley in Mianwali , Punjab , Pakistan .

Its poor conditions , Charlotte maintained , permanently affected her health and physical development and hastened the deaths of her two elder sisters , Maria -LRB- born 1814 -RRB- and Elizabeth -LRB- born 1815 -RRB- , who died of tuberculosis in June 1825 .

Because these policies work in harmony , they should not be interpreted in isolation from one another , and editors should try to familiarize themselves with all three .

It was originally an early medieval kingdom of varying boundaries known as Glywysing until taken over by the Normans as a lordship . Glamorgan is latterly represented by the three preserved counties of West Glamorgan , Mid Glamorgan and South Glamorgan .

Glamorgan is latterly represented by the three preserved counties of West Glamorgan , Mid Glamorgan and South Glamorgan .

A baseball bat is a smooth wooden or metal club used in the game of baseball to hit the ball after the ball is thrown by the pitcher .

The remains of the building were imploded a month after the attack , and the Oklahoma City National Memorial was built on the site .

Most apprentices were males , but female apprentices were found in crafts such as seamstress , tailor , cordwainer , baker and stationer . Apprentices usually began at ten to fifteen years of age , and would live in the master craftsman 's household .

Kermit the Frog is puppeteer Jim Henson 's most famous Muppet creation , first introduced in 1955 .

It was designed by Ron Rivest , Matt Robshaw , Ray Sidney , and Yiqun Lisa Yin to meet the requirements of the Advanced Encryption Standard -LRB- AES -RRB- competition . The algorithm was one of the five finalists , and was also submitted to the NESSIE and CRYPTREC projects .

In summary it would appear that in compromising his indebtedness with the Bank , Dr. Fitzgerald disposed of his only substantial asset , namely , his family home at Palmerston Road , a property which would now be worth a considerable sum of money .

It was published again in 1995 under a slightly different title Walking Trees : Portraits of Teachers and Children in the Culture of Schools .

The width of the table will , by default , remain the same for wider or narrowed windows , retaining the alignment with the left-side text -LRB- or section titles -RRB- outside the table .

Nassogne is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .

Emperor Kaika ; also known as Wakayamatonekohikooobi no Mikoto ; is the 9th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .

Afterwords , Paka encountered a hostile environment and had completely dissipated by the evening of December 22 .

During the period of controversy over the names of the elements -LRB- see element naming controversy -RRB- IUPAC adopted unniloctium -LRB- symbol Uno -RRB- as a temporary element name for this element .

He decorated the Bosnia and Herzegovina Pavilion and collaborated with decorating the Austrian Pavilion .

He left Samson in 1981 , citing musical differences .

Later , he composed music for the Laterna Magica theater in Prague and for many Czech singers .

If a matching id is found on the page you are currently browsing , Friendly changes the link name to what is defined in the name .

Defines if adding a talkback template should be marked as a minor edit .

Ajoux is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .

Tyndaleâ s Bible is credited with being the first English translation to work directly from Hebrew and Greek texts .

The complex was built in two distinct phases , one part in 1936 and the other in 1943 .

For the fifth time in a row , Terry won immunity .

Back at camp , the former La Mina tribe tried to convince Bruce and Danielle , the two outcasts of their alliance , to switch to the La Mina alliance .

It is about 7 kilometers south of Pol Sefid -LRB- Capital of township -RRB- and about 14 kilometers from Veresk Bridge .

The first two holders of the office now known as `` deputy First Minister '' , namely Seamus Mallon and Mark Durkan , were both referred to during their periods of office as `` Deputy First Minister '' , with a capital D. This version was also adopted in 1999 for the logo of the OFMDFM .

Janet Wood Reno -LRB- born July 21 , 1938 -RRB- is a former Attorney General of the United States -LRB- 1993 â `` 2001 -RRB- .

Molecular phylogenetics , which uses DNA sequences as data , has driven many recent revisions and is likely to continue to do so .

Lee introduced legislation giving the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau -LRB- CPIB -RRB- greater power to conduct arrests , search , call up witnesses , and investigate bank accounts and income-tax returns of suspected persons and their families .

Chamberlain was born in a house called Southbourne , in the Edgbaston district of Birmingham , England .

Fallin 's mother and father both served terms as mayor of Tecumseh where she was raised .

Glasgow has three professional football clubs : Rangers F.C. and Celtic F.C. together known as the Old Firm , and Partick Thistle F.C. .

Network equipment -LRB- such as routers and switches -RRB- often use serial console for configuration .

MauriceMoritz 4 June 1547 11 July 1553 Second cousin of John Frederick , grandson of Albert .

younger son of Julius Henry and his third wife .

Brother of the following two dukes

In 1296 uncle and nephews partitioned Saxony into the Lauenburg line -LRB- Albert III , Eric I , and John II jointly -RRB- and the Wittenberg line , where Albert II continued as sole ruler until 1298 , then succeeded by his son Rudolph I -LRB- see section Dukes of Saxe-Wittenberg below in this arcticle -RRB- .

Ittre -LRB- Dutch : Itter -RRB- is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .

Despite references to Prometheus and God in the Institution Anthem , the school is secular .

They stayed at Penarth , where he painted at least six oils of the sea and the cliffs .

It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .

The rivalry between Abbott and Gillard often attracted attention from the media .

As of 2007 , five locations remained in the running for hosting the Indian Grand Prix : Bangalore , the Gurgaon district in the state Haryana , a permanent track somewhere near New Delhi , a street circuit in New Delhi , as proposed by Vijay Mallya , and a site in Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh .

A leisurely stroll around the town will reveal many fine buildings .

The Dick Institute , opened in April 1901 , was severely damaged by fire only eight years after it opened .

Plath 's father was a professor of biology and German at Boston University and author of a book about bumblebees .

The Union Flag , having remained unaltered following the partition of Ireland in 1921 and the creation of the Irish Free State and Northern Ireland , continues to be used as the flag of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .

There is no limit to the number of conversion-subtemplates that can be created .

Darkly Dreaming Dexter is a 2004 novel by Jeff Lindsay , the first in his series about serial killer Dexter Morgan .

It is the administrative center of Sahiwal District and Sahiwal Division .

It was released in Japan and several other Asian nations on March 13 , 2009 , and in the United States on April 10 , 2009 .

At the 64th Golden Globe Awards , Fey wore a blue puzzle piece pin to raise awareness for the organization .

While in Chicago , Fey also made what she later described as an `` amateurish '' attempt at stand-up comedy .

It can also live in symbiosis with plants and fungi and is found in soil , water , the rhizosphere , and in many animals .

The first woman in France to be nominated by a major party , she was the Socialist candidate in the 2007 French presidential election but lost to Nicolas Sarkozy on 6 May 2007 .

The municipal seat was first called Placeritos de Nacozari but changed its name to Nacozari de GarcÃ a to honor the railroad engineer JesÃ s GarcÃ a , who saved the town from a dynamite explosion on 7 November 1907 .

Some groups count membership based on adult believers and baptized children of believers , while others only count adult baptized believers .

The name Taichung means `` central Taiwan '' .

Great North Eastern Railway -LRB- GNER -RRB- was a British train operating company , owned by Sea Containers Ltd. .

The same aggregate material is used at the Yas Marina Circuit for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix .

The point of closest approach -LRB- the point at which two bodies are the closest -RRB- is called the periapsis or pericentre , from Greek , peri , around , and Î Î Î 1\/2 Ï Ï Î Î 1\/2 . The point of farthest excursion is called the apoapsis -LRB- , apÃ , `` from '' , apocentre or apapsis -LRB- from , ap - , before an unaspirated , or , aph - , before an aspirated vowel , respectively -RRB- -RRB- , -LRB- the latter term , although etymologically more correct , is much less used -RRB- .

Laboratory flasks have traditionally been made of glass , but can also be made of plastic .

In 1991 , she was a San Diego Charger cheerleader , before beginning her Hollywood career .

When news of the horrors of the Second Fleet reached England , both public and official opinion was shocked .

Comet 81P\/Wild , also known as Wild 2 -LRB- Vilt -RRB- , is a comet named after Swiss astronomer Paul Wild , who discovered it in 1978 using a 40-cm Schmidt telescope at Zimmerwald .

Cornell released a solo album in September 1999 , entitled Euphoria Morning .

A popular and critical success , it introduced many Americans to serious science fiction and abstract ideas through television and also through a wide variety of Twilight Zone literature .

It consists of three lines which converge in Manchester city center and serve the surrounding towns of Bury , Altrincham and Eccles .

Chatmon moved to Hollandale , Mississippi in the early 1940s and worked on plantations in Hollandale .

Rachael played the older version of Lucy Pevensie in The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe .

Many collectors buy preprinted albums and pages , which are produced by several manufacturers .

Hilton has also worked with Ford Models in New York , Models 1 Agency in London , Nous Model Management in Los Angeles , and Premier Model Management in London .

Hilton followed it up with a designer diary , also with Ginsberg , called Your Heiress Diary : Confess It All to Me .

Alexander Ramsey was elected from Pennsylvania as a Whig to the U.S. House of Representatives and served in the 28th and 29th congresses from March 4 , 1843 to March 4 , 1847 .

At the war 's conclusion , Poland 's borders were shifted westwards , pushing the eastern border to the Curzon Line .

Writers Henryk Sienkiewicz , WÅ adysÅ aw Reymont , CzesÅ aw MiÅ osz , WisÅ awa Szymborska have each won the Nobel Prize in Literature .

The Disneyland Resort Line , previously known as Penny 's Bay Rail Link , provides service to the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort which was opened on 12 September 2005 .

However , the primary motivation was to separate the stations from the tunnels , hence allowing substantial energy savings on station air-conditioning and tunnel ventilation .

The magnetic fare card system is used for single journey tickets .

In addition , the government-owned Hong Kong Mass Transit Railway Corporation -LRB- MTRC -RRB- was established to replace the Mass Transport Provisional Authority .

Most microorganisms are unicellular -LRB- single-celled -RRB- , but this is not universal , since some multicellular organisms are microscopic , while some unicellular protists and bacteria , like Thiomargarita namibiensis , are macroscopic and visible to the naked eye .

Birrwil is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

I 've hardly ever done it since either . ''

Advanced technology is being integrated into toilets with more functions , especially in Japan -LRB- see Toilets in Japan -RRB- . The biggest maker of these toilets is TOTO .

Spin-nuclear-spin coupling .

When such a virus infects a cell , it releases its RNA molecule or molecules , which immediately bind to a protein complex called dicer that cuts the RNA into smaller pieces .

The term roughly corresponds to the older basic rock class .

After Capablanca 's death , Alekhine expressed surprise at his own victory , since in 1927 he had not thought he was superior to Capablanca , and he suggested that Capablanca had been over-confident .

Though originally Melanesian , many island populations , especially in the Banda Islands , were killed off in the 17th century during the Spice wars .

In 1536 the Pays de Vaud was taken by the Bernese who remained masters until 1798 when the canton was liberated by the French revolutionary troops ; and in 1803 Vich found itself part of the Swiss Confederation .

The surface of Thebe is dark and appears to be reddish in color .

After 1983 the event returned as the Long Beach Grand Prix of the CART series .

As a delegate to the Continental Congress , he signed the Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation .

There has been a church on the site for over 1300 years since Etheldreda , Queen of Northumbria made a grant of lands to Wilfrid , Bishop of York c. 674 .

In the brine , the abundance of cells is much lower ; extremophiles predominate , including members of the deep-sea hydrothermal vent euryarchaeota -LRB- DHVEs -RRB- , Methanohalophilus and Proteobacteria .

Some of his teachers at Brown were Frank Rothman , Ken Miller , Susan Gerbi and Nelson Fausto .

The conflict was political , rather than doctrinal , in nature .

Topologically , the MÃ bius strip can be defined as the square -LRB- 0,1 -RRB- Ã -- -LRB- 0,1 -RRB- with its top and bottom sides identified by the relation for as in the diagram on the right .

He was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .

The President of the United States is customarily sworn in by the Chief Justice of the United States , and the British sovereign is always crowned by the Archbishop of Canterbury .

pres . - aiy - , - ataiy - -RRB- , Passive -LRB- - ya - -RRB- .

This 100 km highway of ice connects two ancient mountain kingdoms , Nagar -LRB- immediately south of Hunza -RRB- in the west with Baltistan in the east .

Sir Martin John Evans -LRB- b. 1 January 1941 , Stroud , Gloucestershire -RRB- is a British scientist who , with Matthew Kaufman , was the first to culture mice embryonic stem cells and cultivate them in a laboratory in 1981 .

The northern Andes are typically rainy and warm , with an average temperature of 18 C in Colombia .

Bergelmir and his wife alone among their kind were the only survivors of the enormous deluge of blood from Ymir 's wounds when he was killed by Odin and his brothers at the dawn of time .

Beauvechain -LRB- Walloon : BÃ vÃ tchÃ , -RRB- is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .

Saint-Gengoulph is a commune in the Aisne dÃ partment in Picardy in northern France .

One must apply and be approved for an Active Membership , and this is subject to one 's answers to a lengthy series of questions .

In 1985 , Penny Harrington becomes Portlandâ s first woman Chief of Police , and the first to head a major U.S. police department .

The user is then supplied with a unique URL , which locates the file and enables anyone who knows it to download the file .

She was bought at auction in July 1792 , renamed Thomas and Nancy , and carried coal in the Thames area until 1806 .

Robert Bortuzzo -LRB- born 18 March 1989 -RRB- is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Wilkes-Barre\/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League .

No. 1 was returned to its manufacturer where a set of trailing wheels was added to reduce the rear overhang , and the springs on No. 2 were adjusted and the crank pins shortened to reduce its oscillation .

The Northern Ireland national football team represents Northern Ireland in international association football .

Some analysis shows that the World Bank has increased poverty and been detrimental to the environment , public health and cultural diversity .

Albion is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .

By the end of 1933 the first Nazi concentration camps had been erected -LRB- at Dachau , Osthofen , Oranienburg , Sonnenburg , Lichtenburg and the marshland camps around Esterwegen -RRB- ; all remaining prisoners who had been held in so-called protective custody in state prisons were transferred to these concentration camps .

He described it as ` full of little cubes ' , after which the term quickly gained wide use although the two creators did not initially adopt it .

The Kobuk River -LRB- also Kooak , Kowak , Kubuk , Kuvuk , or Putnam -RRB- is a river located in the Arctic region of northwestern Alaska in the United States .

The narwhal , Monodon monoceros is a medium-sized toothed whale that lives year-round in the Arctic .

Espaillat is a province of the Dominican Republic . It is named for Ulises Francisco Espaillat -LRB- 1823-1878 -RRB- , the 19th-century author who was briefly President of the Republic in 1876 .

\* # Fullwidth Latin letters .

\* -LRB- -LRB- ^ P p -RRB- P \* -RRB- .

Hickory Hill is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .

Similar indentation has been used for many decades , as in computer programming , to visually separate sections of text .

Also , the coding of remote footnotes is likely to work on any other wiki website , as well .

He traveled the world and for a time teamed up with Fred on Yaqui River irregation project in Mexico .

Historical evidence shows that Ashe county was inhabited by Native Americans , which included the Cherokee , Creek , and Shawnee tribes .

Immediately above 39\/F is 50\/F , leading many who are not aware of tetraphobia to believe that some floors are missing .

In other buildings , the fourth floor is sometimes labeled `` F '' -LRB- Four -RRB- instead of `` 4 '' in elevators .

While the mountains dip gradually away to the north and the south , they form a steep slope in the west where the Red Main forms the boundary of the mountains .

In 1921 Gimnasia would again reach fourth place , behind Racing Club , River Plate and Independiente , as a result of 23 victories , six ties and nine defeats .

Street newspapers are generally published weekly or less frequently , which makes them useful only for general information such as contact numbers and locations .

Others simply find shelters too regimented , too much like jail : newspaperman Mike Hendricks quotes a former resident of an unauthorized homeless encampment named Crow , who said that `` some guys would sooner do what they want and not be told what to do . ''

Some take this period as the establishment of separate colonies , but that did not officially occur until 1729 , when seven of the Lords Proprietors sold their interests in Carolina to The Crown , and both North Carolina and South Carolina became royal colonies .

Eupen -LRB- city -RRB- 28 .

Sir Roger Penrose OM FRS -LRB- born 8 August 1931 -RRB- is an English mathematical physicist and Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematical Institute , University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College .

Migros is one of Switzerland 's largest enterprises , its largest supermarket chain and largest employer . It co-founded Turkey 's largest retailer , Migros TÃ 1\/4 rk , which became independent of Migros Switzerland in 1975 .

The magnetic needle is free to rotate in the horizontal plane .

The biggest green area in ChojnÃ w is small forest Park Piastowski -LRB- Piast 's Park -RRB- , named after the Polish Piast dynasty .

Its famous attraction is the `` UrdbÃ uri '' , the largest stone scree in Northern Europe , with huge boulders scattered on the floor of the valley .

The Gilbert Islands have been the major part of the nation of Kiribati since 1979 , and the Ellice Islands became Tuvalu in 1978 .

Until the local government reforms of 2000 , Rajoya was a separate union council .

A new logo was also designed for the new version , and was incorporated into the boot screen .

Robertsdale is a city in Baldwin County , Alabama , United States .

His work in theoretical particle physics exerted great influence on the development of the standard model in the late 20th century especially on the renormalization of elecro-weak model and the gauge theory .

The word ceramic comes from the Greek word '' Î Î Ï Î Î 1\/4 Î Î Ï Ï '' -LRB- keramikos -RRB- , `` of pottery '' or `` for pottery '' , from '' Î Î Ï Î Î 1\/4 Î Ï '' -LRB- keramos -RRB- , `` potter 's clay , tile , pottery '' .

The John and Michael concerts both attracted crowds of over 20,000 people .

Declaring himself now the Irish equivalent of King George V , he argued that as Irish head of state , in the absence of the British head of state from the negotiations , he too should not attend the peace conference called the Treaty Negotiations -LRB- Octoberâ `` December 1921 -RRB- at which British and Irish government leaders agreed to the effective independence of twenty-six of Ireland 's thirty-two counties as the Irish Free State , with Northern Ireland choosing to remain under British sovereignty .

Between 2006-2010 , she landed a lead role on HBO 's popular television series Big Love .

Most stations are named for the nearest major arterial road crossed by the line in question .

Lake Torrens National Park is a national park in South Australia , 345 km north of Adelaide .

Masonry is commonly used for the walls of buildings , retaining walls and monuments .

Azua is a province of the Dominican Republic .

`` Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .

The wood is split to dimensions of a finger and stacked densely , and finally covered tight with dirt and moss .

She was the eldest daughter of Henry VIII and only surviving child of Catherine of Aragon .

In addition the song also gave the Capitol label two consecutive Hot 100 # 1 's , as the week 's prior # 1 was fellow Capitol artist Coldplay 's `` Viva la Vida '' , making it the first time since 1976 Capitol has had two back to back chart toppers on the Hot 100 .

On August 11 , 2008 , eight weeks after debuting on the chart , `` I Kissed a Girl '' finally made it to number one .

If either contestant failed to complete the row , money was awarded to their opponent . Three sets of cards were played , with three , four , and five in each row .

Glyptodon originated in South America .

Other prominent professional wrestling companies are Total Nonstop Action Wrestling -LRB- TNA -RRB- and Ring of Honor -LRB- ROH -RRB- . In Mexico , the top promotions are Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre and Asistencia AsesorÃ a y AdministraciÃ n. In Japan , it is New Japan Pro Wrestling , All Japan Pro Wrestling , and Pro Wrestling NOAH .

The skewing of map coordinates , when placing markers\/labels on the map image , is performed by a linear interpolation of the longitude relative to the height of the latitude -LRB- higher latitudes skew longitude more -RRB- .

In 1890 Manitoba had abolished public funding of its Catholic schools , contrary to the provisions made for Catholics in the Manitoba Act of 1870 .

In December 1894 , Prime Minister Sir John Thompson died suddenly and Bowell , as the most senior Cabinet minister , was appointed in Thompson 's stead by the Governor General .

Indo-European tribes such as the Phrygians , Thracians , Macedonians and Dorian Greeks seem to have arrived at this time - possibly from the north .

Evidence at Ugarit shows that the destruction there occurred after the reign of Merenptah , and even the fall of Chancellor Bay .

Lennon wrote the song `` Maharishi '' -LRB- with the lines : `` what have you done ?

Copper mines are nearby .

McHenry was a signer of the United States Constitution from Maryland and the namesake of Fort McHenry .

Daegu is served by Daegu Airport -LRB- international\/domestic -RRB- located in northeastern Daegu .

The structure allows repeating information using parent\/child relationships : each parent can have many children but each child only has one parent -LRB- also known as a 1 : many ratio -RRB- .

Many settled in Sargodha , Lyallpur -LRB- Faisalabd -RRB- and Montgomery -LRB- Sahiwal -RRB- during the British rule of Punjab due to construction of extensive canal network in these areas .

At the time , Oakland seemed an unlikely venue for a professional football team .

Sebastian Schubeck later adopted Alfons and made him his heir .

Natalie Hershlag -LRB- ; born June 9 , 1981 -RRB- , better known by her stage name Natalie Portman , is an Israeli and American actress .

Alexander Frei -LRB- born 15 July 1979 in Basel -RRB- is a Swiss footballer who currently plays for Swiss Axpo Super League club FC Basel , and was the captain of the Swiss national team .

Death masks were taken not only of deceased royalty and nobility -LRB- Henry VIII , Sforza -RRB- , but also of eminent personsâ '' poets , philosophers , and dramaturges , such as Dante , Filippo Brunelleschi , Torquato Tasso , Blaise Pascal and Voltaire .

A special element of the rite was a sculpted mask , put on the face of the deceased .

However , the West Midlands is not entirely urban ; Coventry is separated from the West Midlands conurbation by a stretch of green belt land roughly 15 m across , known as the `` Meriden Gap '' , which retains a strongly rural character .

The following are schools in the Hopewell , Virginia school division .

It moved over Puerto Rico , Dominican Republic , and Cuba , causing at least 3 casualties .

The band are part of the Cardiff music scene , and was at its most prominent during the 1990s .

KurÃ w is a village in south-eastern Poland , located between PuÅ awy and Lublin , on the KurÃ wka River .

Regen was born in the village of LajÅ e -LRB- in what is today Slovenia -RRB- and became interested in insect sounds as a child .

Hanja-mal or hanja-eo refers to words which can be written with hanja , and hanmun refers to Classical Chinese writing , although `` hanja '' is sometimes used loosely to encompass these other concepts .

Pharmaceutical firms and biotechnology companies have little incentive to develop vaccines for these diseases , because there is little revenue potential .

Walt Disney : One Man 's Dream explores the life and legacy of Walt Disney through photos , models , rare artifacts and a short biographical film narrated by Julie Andrews .

As reflected in contemporary art , she was an extraordinarily beautiful young woman , and was also of above-average intelligence .

`` All Good Things -LRB- Come to an End -RRB- '' is a pop song written by singer Nelly Furtado , Timbaland , Danja and Chris Martin for Furtado 's third album , Loose -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .

The Blue Lias is a geologic formation in southern , eastern and western England and parts of South Wales , part of the Lias Group .

Amfreville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .

Marco Tardelli -LRB- born 24 September 1954 -RRB- is a former football player from Italy , and is the current assistant manager for the Republic of Ireland .

He was born in 1958 in England , and is a 1979 graduate of the University of London .

He is the older brother of naturalist and wildlife filmmaker Sir David Attenborough .

Solid sodium hydroxide is obtained from this solution by the evaporation of water .

Kazuhisa Kono -LRB- born December 30 , 1950 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

His only contribution for Soundgarden was the band 's cover of The Beatles song `` Come Together '' .

Everman was fired immediately after Soundgarden completed the tour in mid-1990 .

Craig Claiborne , in September 1967 , wrote a column in The New York Times Magazine about a letter he had received from Edward P. Montgomery , an American then residing in France . In it , Montgomery related that the dish was created by Commodore E.C. Benedict , a banker and yachtsman , who died in 1920 at the age of 86 .

In all these countries , Berneri was frequently placed under arrest , being usually expelled .

The barrier was the second of two `` great walls '' created by the Romans in Caledonia .

However , historian Yisrael Gutman is very specific , stating that `` it was never done on a mass scale . ''

A significant human pathogenic bacterium , S. pneumoniae was recognized as a major cause of pneumonia in the late 19th century , and is the subject of many humoral immunity studies .

Its capital is Antwerp which comprises the Port of Antwerp .

Aschenbach determines to congratulate Tadzio on his victory , but when the opportunity arises , he can not bring himself to speak .

In 2004 , Mis-Teeq toured the United States and released their debut single Scandalous from their American self-titled debut , a compilation of the albums Lickin ' On Both Sides and Eye Candy .

Nickelodeon Universe is an indoor theme park in the center of the mall , formerly known as Knott 's Camp Snoopy , Camp Snoopy , and The Park at MOA .

television series and the live-action film , called Super Mario Bros. , based on the video game series brought Mario into the TV and film entertainment realms .

Blackcurrant -LRB- Ribes nigrum -RRB- is a species of Ribes berry native to central and northern Europe and northern Asia , and is a perennial .

Most modern peat bogs formed in high latitudes after the retreat of the glaciers at the end of the last ice age some 9,000 years ago .

Peat forms when plant material , usually in marshy areas , is inhibited from decaying fully by acidic and anaerobic conditions .

The government urged the potentially impacted citizens to take preparations for the storm , many of whom bought supplies at local hardware stores .

Takashi Kageyama -LRB- born 27 May 1977 -RRB- is a retired Japanese football player .

BlÃ rancourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .

Other sites of interest include a Brazilian-style church , which is now a mosque , and the Institute of Higher Studies of Benin .

According to various organizations -LRB- the National Science Foundation , NASA , the University of California , San Diego , and other sources -RRB- , ships captained by three men sighted Antarctica in 1820 : Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen -LRB- an Estonian-born captain in the Russian Imperial Navy -RRB- , Edward Bransfield -LRB- a Ireland-born captain in the Royal Navy -RRB- , and Nathaniel Palmer -LRB- an American sealer out of Stonington , Connecticut -RRB- .

It should be supplied with the kingdom -LRB- regnum -RRB- , appropriately wikilinked ; in the case of regnum-less viruses , the virus group may be supplied instead .

Due to the SPL 's stadium requirements , the Brockville site , home of Falkirk for over 100 years , was no longer suitable for the club 's ambitions .

Super Mario Bros. is a 1985 platform video game developed by Nintendo , published for the Nintendo Entertainment System as a sequel to the 1983 game Mario Bros. .

It shares part of its border with the Republic of Armenia .

Editors range widely in both age and cultural background , and as such , profanity is also prevalent in some areas .

Peters also appeared abroad as early as 1951 , when she sang at the Royal Opera House in London , in Balfe 's The Bohemian Girl , conducted by Sir Thomas Beecham . From the mid 1950s onwards , she appeared in several opera houses in Italy , the Vienna State Opera , the Salzburg Festival , and the Bolshoi in Moscow , in 1972 .

Dim varieties are often used for decoration .

It marks the north edge of the Drake Passage , the strait between South America and Antarctica .

Other Konkani communities came into being with their own dialects of Konkani .

Pohnpei is , however , not a nation - it is but one of four states in the FSM . A Pohnpei football team is currently active and moves are underway to re-create a national Federated States of Micronesia team .

Other significant publications include the AOU Checklist of North American Birds , which is the standard reference work for the field , and a monograph series , Ornithological Monographs .

Not only could viewers now follow the action and drama of the game on television , they could also play the game in the comfort of their own home . Broadcasts of poker tournaments such as the World Series of Poker and World Poker Tour brought in huge audiences for cable and satellite TV distributors .

During the American Civil War , many additions were made including stud poker -LRB- the five-card variant -RRB- , and the straight .

On 30 June , the Immortal Seven secretly requested Williamâ '' then in the Netherlands with Maryâ '' to come to England with an army to depose James .

They emit chemicals that resemble the pheromones of moths , and then swing the bolas at the moths .

Varying placement of webs allows different species of spider to trap different insects in the same area , for example flat horizontal webs trap insects that fly up from vegetation underneath while flat vertical webs trap insects in horizontal flight .

Pollen caught in webs may also be eaten , and studies have shown that young spiders have a better chance of survival if they have the opportunity to eat pollen .

`` I Love Rocky Road '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic about a man 's obsession with rocky road ice cream .

These early computer graphics were Vector graphics , composed of thin lines whereas modern day graphics are Raster based using pixels . The difference between vector graphics and raster graphics can be illustrated with a shipwrecked sailor .

The major tributaries of the Kabul River are the Logar , Panjshir , Kunar , Alingar and Bara rivers .

For example , if 100 people rate a five-point Likert scale assessing their agreement with a statement on a scale on which 1 denotes strong agreement and 5 strong disagreement , the frequency distribution of their responses might look like :

Many elevator installations now feature emergency power systems which allow elevator use in blackout situations and prevent people from becoming trapped in elevators .

For all practical purposes , there are no cases of elevators simply free-falling and killing the passengers inside ; of the 20 to 30 elevator-related deaths each year , most of them are maintenance-related - for example , technicians leaning too far into the shaft or getting caught between moving parts , and most of the rest are attributed to easily avoidable accidents , such as people stepping blindly through doors that open into empty shafts or being strangled by scarves caught in the doors .

Bart chooses to go to war with Nelson uniting the neighborhood children against him .

Oisy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

A Real Basket Case is a fictional mystery novel that was written by Beth Groundwater .

The earliest organized fandom online was the SF Lovers community , originally a mailing list in the late 1970s with a text archive file that was updated regularly .

The single became a worldwide hit , reaching the top ten in numerous countries and peaking at number one in several countries including Taiwan , India , and Turkey .

We will bring to you some of the most renowned thinkers , writers , pundits , activists , entertainers and elected officials each broadcast as our guests .

It also has major responsibilities in conservation , giving advice , registering and protecting the historic environment .

Each side of the body contains red , orange , and white spots .

The slow response of federal aid to storm victims in southern Florida led Dade County emergency management director Kate Hale to famously exclaim at a nationally televised news conference , `` Where in the hell is the cavalry on this one ?

As well as functioning as a football stadium , the Emirates Stadium also operates as a conference center and music venue .

As a result , trade with Italy took place over the SplÃ 1\/4 genpass instead .

An FM signal can also be used to carry a stereo signal : see FM stereo .

He married Karen Kruse in 1953 .

Google 's Advanced Search web form gives several additional fields which may be used to qualify searches by such criteria as date of first retrieval .

The order of search results -LRB- ghits for Google hits -RRB- on Google 's search-results pages is based , in part , on a priority rank called a `` PageRank '' .

Google expects Google Instant to save users 2 to 5 seconds in every search , which they say will be collectively 11 million seconds per hour .

The details are kept secret due to spammers and in order to maintain an advantage over Google 's competitors .

Produced by Matt Walker , the CD included 9 songs from the film , as well as three tracks from the original film .

The British Virgin Islands were administered variously as part of the British Leeward Islands or with St. Kitts and Nevis , with an Administrator representing the British Government on the Islands . Separate colony status was gained for the Islands in 1960 and the Islands became autonomous in 1967 .

Grooming in humans typically includes bathroom activities such as primping : washing and cleaning the hair , combing it to extract tangles , and styling .

Cats groom so much that they often produce hairballs from the fur they ingest .

B. Jade - Unexist C. Black Sun Empire - The Cooler -LRB- Audio Remix -RRB- D. Black Sun Empire - UnFamiliar

With two laps to go , Berger got past Prost on aggregate but could not get ahead of Mansell .

Mansell was caught and passed by Piquet and pitted for tyres soon after .

However , Berger was unable to catch Mansell as he in turn had handling issues .

Senna and Mansell continued to pull away from the rest , none of them able to keep up .

Each section , except Infobox Ship Begin , can be repeated as necessary to support multiple careers , multiple sets of characteristics , etc. .

Though geographically surrounded by Indo-European Romance languages , Basque is classified as a language isolate .

Lasker became an expert bridge player , representing Germany at international events in the early 1930s , and a registered teacher of the Culbertson system .

Hendrix was disappointed that the album had to be finished so quickly and felt it could have been better , given more time .

Early in 1966 at the Cheetah Club on Broadway at 53rd Street , Linda Keith , the girlfriend of Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards , befriended Hendrix and recommended him to Stones ' manager Andrew Loog Oldham and later , producer Seymour Stein .

Chase This Light is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World , released on October 16 , 2007 through Interscope .

That night Stallone went home , and in three days he had written the script for Rocky .

Ha Jin was born in Liaoning , China .

10,000 women a year die from unsafe abortions in Nigeria alone .

Sometimes a special part of the mosque was railed off for women ; for example , the governor of Mecca in 870 had ropes tied between the columns to make a separate place for women .

As mosques are places of worship , those within the mosque are required to remain respectful to those in prayer .

Islam requires that its adherents wear clothes that portray modesty .

It is best known as the home of the British Grand Prix , which it first hosted in 1948 and which has been held on the circuit every year since 1987 .

An original mini-series based very loosely on A Wizard of Earthsea and The Tombs of Atuan was broadcast on the Sci Fi Channel .

See also : Category : Articles containing potentially dated statements which contains potentially dated statements ordered by originating date .

Use to mark all individual statements that may become dated , this will automatically add them to the appropriate categories .

Lesmahagow is a small town on the edge of moorland , near Lanark in the central belt of Scotland , and is also known as Abbey Green .

Eucrites are achondritic stony meteorites , many of which originate from the surface of the asteroid 4 Vesta and as such are part of the HED meteorite group .

These guys were exhibited in the street to collect money for fireworks , although this custom has become less common .

At Jerilderie in 1879 Hart stole a watch from The Very Reverend Gribble , a parson at the Protestant church , and Ned told him to return it , which Hart did , ` looking daggers ' .

It is believed to be connected to the Earth by the bridge Ama-no uki-hashi -LRB- the `` Floating Bridge of Heaven '' -RRB- .

Green olives usually produce more bitter oil , and overripe olives can produce oil that is rancid , so for good extra virgin olive oil care is taken to make sure the olives are perfectly ripened .

Several of its writers win Gold Circles from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association every year .

He was the lead singer and guitarist for the band Max Webster before going on to lead a solo career .

The Soviet Occupation Zone -LRB- ; , Sovetskaya okkupatsionnaya zona Germanii , `` Soviet Occupation Zone of Germany '' -RRB- was the area of central Germany occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 on , at the end of World War II .

The bank was closely involved in the occupation of Europe , `` essentially acting as the bank of the SS in Poland '' .

Dresdner Bank appointed Matthias Warnig , a former Stasi agent and Vladimir Putin 's former KGB contact , to negotiate with Putin .

It is claimed that the tower has become a popular site for North Koreans .

According to comScore figures , it is the fourth largest British entertainment website with 2.1 million unique users on its news site .

Use : where x is the decimal number to be converted to a hexadecimal .

Seon is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

The Palace was demolished in the seventeenth century and replaced with the Greenwich Hospital -LRB- now The Old Royal Naval College -RRB- in the late seventeenth century .

Schapelle Leigh Corby -LRB- born 10 July 1977 -RRB- is an Australian convicted of drug smuggling who is imprisoned in Indonesia .

Corby has maintained from the time of her arrest that the drugs were planted in her boogie board bag and that she did not know about them .

Applied mechanics examines the response of bodies -LRB- solids and fluids -RRB- or systems of bodies to external forces .

Derek Sanderson Jeter -LRB- ; born June 26 , 1974 -RRB- is a Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- shortstop who has played his entire career for the New York Yankees .

On 26 November 2006 , it became the UK 's best-selling album of 2006 , selling over 1.5 million copies at the end of the year , with a cumulative total of 1.8 million .

PatchGuard was designed by Microsoft to ensure the integrity of the kernel , a part of a operating system which interacts with the hardware .

Lake Butler is a city in Union County , Florida , United States .

Hyundai i10 is a premium hatchback segment model that takes place between Hyundai Santro and Hyundai Getz . Offering quality and equipment for the customers is the key priority of Hyundai i10 .

The valley is mostly built up or used for animal grazing .

is a live album released by Bryan Adams through A&M Records in 1988 .

Pompey and Crassus had been at odds for a decade , so Caesar tried to reconcile them .

Siegmund `` Sigi '' Nissel -LRB- January 3 , 1922 , Munich - May 21 , 2008 , London -RRB- was an German-born British violinist who played second violin in the Amadeus Quartet and served as its administrator .

It uses the GNOME desktop environment and is distributed as an installable Live CD .

On July 4 , 2008 , Wehbe released her third studio album Habibi Ana -LRB- Arabic : Ø Ø Ù Ø Ù Ø # Ù Ø , English : `` My Love '' -RRB- which contains 15 songs including the lead single `` Mosh Adra Astana '' .

Both viral and bacterial causes of kennel cough are spread through the air by infected dogs sneezing and coughing .

These communities seek to integrate aspects of the Furby experience into human society .

During this era , now-extinct wild animals such as mammoths , European lions and Irish elk roamed the European continent .

Suffer is the third album by American punk rock band Bad Religion , released on the Californian independent record label Epitaph Records on September 8 , 1988 .

He returned to Bologna where he became ` master of studiesâ .

The establishment of governments placed responsibility on leaders to develop public health policies and programs in order to gain some understanding of the causes of disease and thus ensure social stability prosperity , and maintain order .

Albatross chicks fledge on their own and receive no further help from their parents , who return to the nest after fledging , unaware their chick has left .

And with that , the title -LRB- known briefly as the WWE Unified Divas Championship -RRB- is now accessible to both WWE brands and the champion can appear on both shows .

Alan Clark 's book The Donkeys -LRB- 1961 -RRB- led to the popularisation of the controversial phrase ` lions led by donkeys ' which was used to describe British generalship .

Coubeyrac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .

Locomotives built by English Electric or its subcontractors .

Vologases IV of Parthia -LRB- 147 â `` 191 -RRB- made peace but was forced to cede western Mesopotamia to the Romans .

The thallium is several times precipitated from the solution and to remove further impurities . At the end it is converted to thallium sulfate and the thallium is extraced by electrolysis on platinum or stainless steel plates .

Just ten days later , on July 29 , the `` Book 3 : Fire â `` Volume 4 '' DVD was released , which contained the four episodes as well as episodes 56 and 57 , audio commentary from the series ' co-creators , cast , and crew , and a comic book .

Danny Elfman wrote the film score and provided the singing voice of Jack , as well as other minor characters .

Sushi -LRB- vinegared rice , topped with other ingredients , including shellfish , fish , meat and vegetables -RRB- , feature both raw and cooked shellfish . Sashimi primarily consists of very fresh raw seafood , sliced into thin pieces .

mergedtoprow td , .

Oneness Pentecostalism teaches that the Father -LRB- a spirit -RRB- is united with Jesus -LRB- a man -RRB- as the Son of God .

The station opened on 14 September 1972 more than a year after the rest of the line had become fully operational .

Loretta Purdy Spencer was the mayor of Huntsville , Alabama .

It is the theme song from the film UHF .

Yoshi 's Island DS is a platforming video game developed by Artoon for the Nintendo DS .

It is and is part of Jhando Mari Taluka and is located in the south of the district at .

Peter Murphy began a solo career while the other members continued as Tones on Tail and , later , Love and Rockets .

Depending on region , the term `` hay rick '' could refer to the machine for cutting hay , the hay stack or the wagon used to collect the hay .

For individual articles treating works for piano trio , see : Category : Compositions for piano trio .

Most Cantons are divided into Bezirke -LRB- German for districts -RRB- .

Blessed be the God and Father , The Wilderness and Ascribe unto the Lord are of considerable length , as is his Service in E. The popular short anthem Lead me Lord is an extract from Praise the Lord , O my soul .

Mitsumasa Yoda -LRB- born 7 August 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

At sixteen he became the youngest ever British Grandmaster , gaining the three results required -LRB- `` grandmaster norms '' -RRB- in tournaments in Germany , Iceland and the Politiken Cup in Copenhagen , Denmark .

ThÃ lus is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

Telluride Bluegrass Festival is held annually in Telluride , Colorado by Planet Bluegrass .

Hamilton was then disqualified from the race for providing `` misleading evidence '' during the stewards ' hearing .

He was then promoted to third after Jarno Trulli was penalized for overtaking him under safety-car conditions .

The precursors of chess originated in India during the Gupta empire , where its early form in the 6th century was known as -LRB- -LRB- chaturanga -RRB- -RRB- , which translates as `` four divisions -LRB- of the military -RRB- '' : infantry , cavalry , elephantry , and chariotry , represented by the pieces that would evolve into the modern pawn , knight , bishop , and rook , respectively .

Marciano was knocked down for a four count in the second round .

Kurt Vonnegut 's experience as a soldier and prisoner of war had a profound influence on his later work .

This category would also include the child with the conceptual capacity to grasp the issues involved , but who is still unaware of those issues .

The terms weak and strong are relatively recent , while the terms negative and positive atheism are of older origin , having been used -LRB- in slightly different ways -RRB- in the philosophical literature and in Catholic apologetics .

The 1957 Formula One season was the eighth season of FIA Formula One motor racing . It featured the 1957 World Championship of Drivers which commenced on January 13 , 1957 and ended on September 8 after eight races .

The villages located on the neighbouring hills and mountains are much smaller .

The FrÃ nicle standard form , a standard representation of magic squares , is named after him .

`` For Whom the Bell Tolls '' is a song by the American heavy metal band Metallica . It was released as the third and final single from their second album , Ride the Lightning .

Its main food is nectar or pollen , although nursing females will eat small insects .

You have to supply the full URL .

Lussas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .

The circuit , at Parc Jean-Drapeau on Ã le Notre-Dame , a man-made island in the St. Lawrence River that is part of the city of Montreal , was originally named the Ã le Notre-Dame Circuit .

Wyatt 's rebellion in January and February 1554 against Queen Mary 's plans of a Spanish match was the direct cause of Jane 's and her husband 's execution .

Some of the more well known include eight-ball , nine-ball , straight pool , and one-pocket .

After she has finished her wrestling career , James plans to own a farm and be an equine trainer .

was conserved so long as the masses did not interact .

It was Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz during 1676 â `` 1689 who first attempted a mathematical formulation of the kind of energy which is connected with motion -LRB- kinetic energy -RRB- .

He called this quantity the vis viva or living force of the system .

Those who subscribe to this belief cite the unnaturally close relationship that existed between Sophie and Napoleon II -LRB- it was said that Sophie never recovered after his death and that she blamed it on Metternich for the rest of her life -RRB- and that , from birth , Maximilian 's stature resembled Napoleon II 's more than that of Franz Karl , his older brother , or any of his younger brothers .

Native bismuth is known from Australia , Bolivia , and China .

Blangy-le-Ch Ã cents teau is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

Its amateur radio call sign prefix is JX .

The first production semi-automatic .44 Magnum caliber pistol , the .44 Magnum Automag , also appeared in the above-mentioned Dirty Harry film .

Former Viceroys and other high officials , as well as those who served in the Department of the Secretary of State for India for at least thirty years were eligible for appointment .

It is intended specifically for news sources .

The Ohio legislature mandated that a county seat be established . `` Lima '' was the result .

As of 2007 , old encyclopedias whose copyright has expired , such as the 1911 edition of Britannica , are also the only free content English encyclopedias released in print form . However , works such as the Great Soviet Encyclopedia , which were created in the public domain , exist as free content encyclopedias in other languages .

The peculiarities of the Greek system are further evidenced by the colonies that they set up throughout the Mediterranean Sea , which , though they might count a certain Greek polis as their ` mother ' -LRB- and remain sympathetic to her -RRB- , were completely independent of the founding city .

Via the Roman Empire , Greek culture came to be foundational to Western culture in general . The Byzantine Empire inherited Classical Greek culture directly , without Latin intermediation , and the preservation of classical Greek learning in medieval Byzantine tradition further exerted strong influence on the Slavs and later on the Islamic Golden Age and the Western European Renaissance .

Besides sporadic killings and deaths due to the poor living conditions , many inmates arriving at Jasenovac were scheduled for systematic liquidation .

The Vatican 's sources also speak of similar figures , that is , for an example , of 350,000 Serbs slaughtered by the end of 1942 -LRB- Eugen Tisserant -RRB- and `` over 500,000 people '' in all -LRB- Godfried Danneels . -RRB-

The Ustase themselves gave more exaggerated assumptions of the number of people they killed .

He specifically recounted his torture of an old man named Vukasin ; he attempted to compel the man to bless Ante Pavelic , which the old man refused to do , although Friganovic cut off his ears , nose and tongue after each refusal .

The first two camps , Krapje and BroÄ ica , were closed in November 1941 .

Vjekoslav `` Maks '' LuburiÄ , commander-in-chief of all the Croatian camps , announced the great `` efficiency '' of the Jasenovac camp at a ceremony as early as 9 October 1942 .

The total angular momentum conserved in interaction processes is then the sum of the orbital angular momentum and the spin .

The admission of a drinking problem seriously damaged his standing within the parliamentary party .

Total Request Live -LRB- commonly known as TRL -RRB- is a television series on MTV that featured popular music videos .

WestJet was to be the Boeing launch customer for the 737-600 with winglets , but announced in their Q2 2006 results that they would not be going to move ahead with those plans .

The officers warn that Billy may cause trouble , but Vere dismisses their fears and expresses his love for the men under his command .

The islands ' indigenous inhabitants are the Torres Strait Islanders , Melanesian peoples related to the Papuans of adjoining New Guinea .

Halesowen is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley , in the West Midlands , England .

The M2 Machine Gun , Browning .50 Caliber Machine Gun , is a heavy machine gun designed towards the end of World War I by John Browning .

A general index of all articles was included for the first time in the 7th edition , a practice maintained until 1974 .

Eido was an avid swimmer and the bomb exploded outside his favorite Beirut beach resort , Sporting Club .

The summer fur is shorter -LRB- being only 15 mm long on the back -RRB- and even sparser , with the belly being half bare .

One strand of the DNA , the template strand -LRB- or noncoding strand -RRB- , is used as a template for RNA synthesis .

Gerry Sr. joined the IRA at age sixteen .

Tour-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

Phagocytes of humans and other animals are called `` professional '' or `` non-professional '' depending on how effective they are at phagocytosis .

Allied bombings during World War II destroyed the industrial section of the city -LRB- mainly the shipyards -RRB- .

It was replaced with Fabian in the 1985 season .

Samonac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .

Koji Maeda -LRB- born 3 February , 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

He was , according to Josephus , known in his time as `` Agrippa the Great '' .

The European Skipper has more pointed wings than the Least Skipper , the antennae are short and not checkered , and the upper side of the wings is mostly orange or reddish-orange with thin black wing margins .

The Tropical Least Skipper has more orange on the upper side of the wings than the Least Skipper , and the underside of the wings has very small black marginal spots .

The district is named after two rivers - the Elbe river forms the western border with Saxony , the Schwarze Elster -LRB- `` Black Elster '' -RRB- is a tributary of the Elbe and runs through the district .

Late on August 15 , the warning was extended to San Luis Pass , while the watch in Mexico was discontinued .

It opened in 2007 and was built on the site of the previous 1923 Wembley Stadium . The earlier Wembley stadium , originally called the Empire Stadium , was often referred to as `` The Twin Towers '' and was one of the world 's most famous football stadiums until its demolition in 2003 .

After playing college hockey at the University of Denver , Venasky went on to play 430 games in the National Hockey League with the Los Angeles Kings .

Moses ' Hebrew mother , Jochebed , hides him when the Pharaoh ordered all newborn Hebrew boys to be killed , and the child is adopted as a foundling by the Egyptian royal family .

Among cities of Poland , BiaÅ ystok is second in terms of population density , eleventh in population , and thirteenth in area .

In fact , water has a very slight blue color that can only be seen in large volumes .

Chiasso -LRB- , or commonly -LRB- Ë kjaË so -RRB- ; in Lombard : Ciass -LRB- tÊ as -RRB- -RRB- is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .

Organic compounds are relatively common in space , especially in the outer solar system where volatiles are not evaporated by solar heating .

For example , instead of the reductive citric acid cycle , the `` open '' acetyl-CoA pathway -LRB- another one of the five recognized ways of carbon dioxide fixation in nature today -RRB- would be compatible with the idea of self-organisation on a metal sulfide surface .

The now-famous `` Millerâ `` Urey experiment '' used a highly reduced mixture of gasesâ `` methane , ammonia and hydrogenâ `` to form basic organic monomers , such as amino acids .

Anchors can either be temporary or permanent .

Zob Ahan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Isfahan , Iran .

He was born on Newington Plantation in King and Queen County , Virginia and educated at the College of William and Mary .

Mod-related fashions such as the miniskirt stimulated fashionable shopping areas such as Carnaby Street and the Kings Road , Chelsea .

The multituberculates had a cranial and dental anatomy similar to rodents with cheek-teeth separated from the chisel-like front teeth by a wide tooth-less gap -LRB- the diasteme -RRB- .

Because of the sheltered harbor , many of these new arrivals decided to settle in the immediate area .

In 1927 , Deming was introduced to Walter A. Shewhart of the Bell Telephone Laboratories by Dr. C.H. Kunsman of the United States Department of Agriculture -LRB- USDA -RRB- .

The key is to practice continual improvement and think of manufacturing as a system , not as bits and pieces . ''

Hurricane Vince 's impressive organization was very short lived as westerly wind shear began to erode the eye within hours .

On October 5 , an operationally unnamed subtropical storm which had gone unnoticed by the NHC was absorbed by a temperate frontal low , which was moving to the southeast over the Azores . The low pressure system gained a more concentrated circulation and lost its frontal structure after absorbing the subtropical storm .

In response , the storm weakened to a tropical storm shortly thereafter .

It is the second book published in the Redwall series , though the third chronologically .

To have the links point to a non-user talk page , you must include the full talk page link .

Waset -LRB- ancient Thebes or contemporary Luxor -RRB- was in the Fourth Nome , Amarna in the Fourteenth , and Meidum in the Twenty-first .

The people and archbishops of Salzburgs remained loyal to the Habsburgs in their struggles against the Wittelsbachs .

fÉ n -RRB- -RRB- is an independent town and seat of the Cuxhaven district , in Lower Saxony , Germany .

The choreographer of the original production was Julius Reisinger .

The brain and spinal cord together make up the central nervous system .

After construction of the railway line to Gympie , the coastal and river towns , being mostly ports for the early river trade , were bypassed .

The Sunshine Coast -LRB- population 312,804 with up to an additional 50,000 in visitors and seasonal workers -RRB- is a coastal region of Australia located in South East Queensland , north of the Queensland capital of Brisbane .

Angelica is a genus of about 60 species of tall biennial and perennial herbs in the family Apiaceae , native to temperate and subarctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere , reaching as far North as Iceland and Lapland .

On a sphere , the images of geodesics are the great circles .

DioÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,338 people .

Walter Lyle Bradley -LRB- born July 31 , 1943 in Lloydminster , Saskatchewan -RRB- is a former ice hockey center .

Frasin is a town located in Suceava County , Romania .

In an article discussing happiness in video games , Gamasutra editor Lorenzo Wang listed the sound the Goomba makes when it 's squished as one of his pleasures .

Normally the crane lays 2 eggs , with only one surviving .

The asteroid was named by its discoverer after Empress Eugenia di Montijo , the wife of Napoleon III . It was the first asteroid to be definitely named after a real person , rather than a figure from classical legend , although there was some controversy about whether 12 Victoria was really named for the mythological figure or for Queen Victoria .

It is found in Cameroon , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Ghana , Guinea-Bissau , Liberia , Nigeria , Sierra Leone , Tanzania , and Uganda .

This limits them ; they can not operate under the extreme hydrostatic pressures found at depths greater than approximately 800 m.

APG III -LRB- 2009 -RRB- places Vitaceae in its own order , Vitales .

He was prosecuted during the Nuremberg trials for his role in perpetrating the Holocaust during his tenure as the Governor-General of that portion of occupied Poland that was not directly incorporated into the German Reich , although administered by the Nazis , and known as the General Government .

Bolivia and Venezuela -LRB- the BolÃ varian Republic of Venezuela -RRB- are both named after BolÃ var .

Vaishnavism is a tradition of Hinduism , distinguished from other schools by its worship of Vishnu or his associated avatars , principally as Rama and Krishna , as the original and supreme God .

Kenneth Rexroth -LRB- December 22 , 1905 -- June 6 , 1982 -RRB- was an American poet , translator and critical essayist .

Current research is primarily aimed at reducing operational noise , particularly the tunnel boom phenomenon caused when trains exit tunnels at high speed .

The first three Iowa Great Places -LRB- Coon Rapids , Clinton and Sioux City -RRB- were each awarded $ 1 million in seed money by the Iowa legislature . In September 2007 , Coon Rapids was also awarded a $ 1.7 million Vision Iowa grant .

Mons-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

In around 750 BC iron working techniques reached Britain from southern Europe .

Germans were isolated in rural communities for decades .

Decorum -LRB- from the Latin : `` right , proper '' -RRB- was a principle of classical rhetoric , poetry and theatrical theory that was about the fitness or otherwise of a style to a theatrical subject .

It was also reported that the storm damaged at least 16,000 homes and about 250 square kilometers -LRB- 60 thousand acres -RRB- of land used for cattle .

`` Adaptation '' means a work based upon the Work , or upon the Work and other pre-existing works , such as a translation , adaptation , derivative work , arrangement of music or other alterations of a literary or artistic work , or phonogram or performance and includes cinematographic adaptations or any other form in which the Work may be recast , transformed , or adapted including in any form recognizably derived from the original , except that a work that constitutes a Collection will not be considered an Adaptation for the purpose of this License .

Since the debut of Jeopardy ! in 1964 , several different songs and arrangements have served as the theme music for the show , a majority of which have been composed by Merv Griffin .

They are located in Switzerland -LRB- Valais -RRB- and Italy -LRB- Piedmont and the Aosta Valley -RRB- .

Villieu-Loyes-Mollon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

Most discount department stores offer a wide assortment of goods ; others specialize in such merchandise as jewelry , electronic equipment , or electrical appliances .

Historically significant as the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom , the Council was the first occasion where the technical aspects of Christology were discussed .

His notable results included three podium finishes and one pole position .

Bart is therefore cleared of all the charges .

He studied mathematics and science at the University of Auckland , and in 1939 completed his first major climb , reaching the summit of Mount Ollivier , near Aoraki\/Mount Cook in the Southern Alps .

It preceded the Merrie Melodies series and is WB 's first animated theatrical series .

I agreed to try out the violin and stayed with it . ''

Christian Pander -LRB- born 28 August 1983 in MÃ 1\/4 nster -RRB- is a German footballer who plays for Schalke 04 .

The hippopotamus is recognizable by its barrel-shaped torso , enormous mouth and teeth , nearly hairless body , stubby legs and tremendous size .

Roughly nine years later his wishes were fulfilled by Sher Shah Suri and Babur was buried in Bagh-e Babur -LRB- Babur Gardens -RRB- in Kabul , Afghanistan .

Bendejun is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .

WrestleMania XIV was the fourteenth WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- , which took place on March 29 , 1998 at the FleetCenter in Boston , Massachusetts .

The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 37 Union Councils .

Extracts can be made and incorporated into hot sauces .

For the following 60 years , swine influenza strains were almost exclusively H1N1 .

Matt is widely regarded as one of the fastest hands in the indie rock scene .

Like other corvids , they may learn to mimic human speech .

A total of 945 Boeing 757 aircraft were in airline service in July 2010 .

It is located above the town of Melk on a rocky outcrop overlooking the river Danube in Lower Austria , adjoining the Wachau valley .

It is the county seat of Okeechobee County .

It supports 24-bit audio at sample rates of up to 192 kHz , and can handle WAV , AIFF , mp3 , SDII audio files and QuickTime video files .

Final Fantasy V , released in 1992 in Japan , was first in the series to spawn a sequel : a short anime series titled Final Fantasy : Legend of the Crystals . Final Fantasy VI was released in Japan in 1994 , but it was titled Final Fantasy III in North America .

The Federated States of Micronesia national football team is the national team of the Federated States of Micronesia and is controlled by the Federated States of Micronesia Football Association .

Gravesano is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .

West also runs his own record label GOOD Music , home to artists such as John Legend , Common and Kid Cudi .

His five albums , all of which have gone platinum , have received numerous awards , including a cumulative fourteen Grammys , and critical acclaim .

It entered into force in 1975 .

is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 19,622 Mm in 561.518 days , at an inclination of 146 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 146 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.2507 .

Cooper also owns the UK Avon Tyres brand , which also produces tires for motorcycles , road cars , and for motor racing .

Don DeLillo -LRB- born November 20 , 1936 -RRB- is an American author , playwright , and occasional essayist whose work paints a detailed portrait of American life in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .

Hurricanes Emilia , Gilma , John , and Olivia all reached a pressure below 930 millibars .

Ludwig von Brenner -LRB- 19 September 1833 -- 9 February 1902 -RRB- was a German conductor and composer .

These satellites have similar orbits and photometric properties .

Supported and partly financed by the Austrian government and the city administration of Vienna , the award is organized by the publisher FZA .

Robert Laurence `` Bob '' Barr , Jr. -LRB- born November 5 , 1948 -RRB- is a former federal prosecutor and a former member of the United States House of Representatives .

The nine spoiled women are shocked to learn that their families cut them off from their finances , and enrolled them into an eight-week rehabilitation program designed to teach them self-reliance and humility .

Religiously , the population consists of both Christians -LRB- mainly Melkite Greek Catholic -RRB- and Muslims .

They appear in Africa in the upper Miocene and only relatively recently in Asia .

-LRB- This is similar to the way carbon resistors are made . -RRB-

An alternative to a selectable marker is a screenable marker , which allows the researcher to distinguish between wanted and unwanted cells .

Night of Champions -LRB- 2008 -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on June 29 , 2008 at the American Airlines Center in Dallas , Texas . It was the second annual event under the Night of Champions name and the eighth annual event under the Vengeance\/Night of Champions chronology .

It is among the smallest known non-avian theropods , with the holotype specimen measuring only 68 c in length , including the tail .

-LRB- singing `` There 's a hole in my bodhran '' , to the tune of `` There 's a Hole in my Bucket '' -RRB- .

Her 2003 album An Echo of Hooves marked a return to the traditional ballad form after concentrating on other styles for several years , and was highly acclaimed .

Licensed to Ill is the debut album by the Beastie Boys , released in 1986 .

It was under these conditions that Harunori came to be daimyo of Yonezawa .

Briel-sur-Barse is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .

In-house development teams tend to have more freedom as to the design and content of a game , compared to the third-party developers teams .

Either way , this suggests a loose rubble pile structure .

The greenhouse effect heats the earth because greenhouse gases absorb outgoing radiative energy and re-emit some of it back towards earth . A greenhouse is built of any material that passes sunlight , usually glass , or plastic .

The film stars Shahrukh Khan , Manisha Koirala , and Preity Zinta .

Some carbon-containing compounds are traditionally considered inorganic .

It starts on a beautiful day with Lord Henry Wotton observing the artist Basil Hallward painting the portrait of a handsome young man named Dorian Gray .

Frederik Willem de Klerk -LRB- born 18 March 1936 -RRB- , often known as F. W. de Klerk , was the seventh and last State President of apartheid-era South Africa , serving from September 1989 to May 1994 .

The first two bars are played by McCartney , the second two by Harrison , and the third two by Lennon , then the sequence repeats .

The only inhabited island is Willis Island .

Edward F. Guinan is currently a professor in Villanova University 's Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics .

Wilson contacted the band to show his interest in joining .

The final change in the lineup came in the latter stages of the recording of the band 's debut album , Slipknot , in 1999 .

He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2010 .

The German Wikipedia is different from the English Wikipedia in a number of aspects .

Archaeological evidence , however , points to a slower , more organic growth of the city beginning before Pachacuti .

Leonardo was born on April 15 , 1452 , `` at the third hour of the night '' in the Tuscan hill town of Vinci , in the lower valley of the Arno River in the territory of Florence .

Fabbri was a long time and prolific contributor to the anarchist press in Europe and later South America , including co-editing , along with Errico Malatesta , the paper L'Agitazione .

The San Diego Chargers are a professional American football team based in San Diego , California .

Norwich -LRB- or -RRB- is a city in England . It is the regional administrative center and county town of Norfolk .

She told Fresh Airs Terry Gross the role was originally intended for a man but , at the urging of Steve Carell 's wife Nancy Walls , was offered to Lynch instead .

Himself not a member of any party , Gauck was nominated by the opposition SPD and Greens as their presidential candidate on .

The Orthodox Church , also officially called the Orthodox Catholic Church and commonly referred to as the Eastern Orthodox Church , considers itself to be the One , Holy , Catholic and Apostolic Church established by Jesus Christ and his Apostles almost 2,000 years ago .

To add a page to this category , simply add to it .

He has been awarded multiple honors .

Part of NY 308 is located along the Rhinebeck Village Historic District , a 1670 a historic district that contains 272 buildings in a variety of architectural styles dating from over 200 years of the settlement 's history .

After leaving school aged 15 , Collins took the British Civil Service examination in Cork in February 1906 , and was then employed by the Royal Mail from July 1906 .

To use the update on any article , insert :

Bercenay-le-Hayer is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .

Port forwarding allows remote computers , for example , computers on the Internet , to connect to a specific computer or service within a private local area network -LRB- LAN -RRB- .

If one of permi2 and perkm2 is omitted , it will be calculated by conversion of the other -LRB- which must be numerical or an error will be displayed -RRB- .

For this reason , describing data sets via their standard deviation or root mean square deviation is often preferred over using the variance .

Andermatt is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland .

The British Rail Class 419 Motor Luggage Vans -LRB- or MLV -RRB- were built from 1951-61 by BR at Eastleigh Works .

In 1991 he was awarded the prestigious Wolf Prize by the Israeli Government .

The new Turkish lira was the currency of Turkey and the de facto independent state of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus between 1 January 2005 and 1 January 2009 which was a transition period for the removal of six zeroes from the currency .

The connection of Joseph of Arimathea with the Grail legend dates from Robert de Boron 's Joseph d'Arimathie -LRB- late 12th century -RRB- in which Joseph receives the Grail from an apparition of Jesus and sends it with his followers to Great Britain ; building upon this theme , later writers recounted how Joseph used the Grail to catch Christ 's blood while interring him and that in Britain he founded a line of guardians to keep it safe .

WÃ lter Casagrande Jr. , usually known as Casagrande -LRB- born 15 April 1963 in SÃ # o Paulo -RRB- was a former football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player in striker role , who currently is a famous TV commentator for Rede Globo .

It is not determined by area , but is created by relationships that involve a high level of personal commitment to , involvement with , or dependence upon a person , subject , idea , tradition , or organization .

If editors on a talk page suggest in good faith that you may have a conflict of interest , try to identify and minimize your biases , and consider withdrawing from editing the article .

A shore or shoreline is the fringe of land at the edge of a large body of water , such as an ocean , sea , or lake .

Her family 's steadfast support was critical to Austen 's development as a professional writer .

Adam McKay -LRB- born April 17 , 1968 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , director , comedian , and actor .

`` Krusty Gets Busted '' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons first season , and originally aired on April 29 , 1990 .

The methodology used to produce the `` hockey stick '' graph was criticized in a paper by Stephen McIntyre and Ross McKitrick .

Lead Authors are responsible for writing sections of chapters .

Much of the mountains are located within the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area .

` Aleph is also the first letter of the Hebrew word emet , which means truth .

ThÃ zillieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

The away goals rule also applies if scores are equal at the end of extra time .

The matches were played on 19 July and 2 August 2007 .

When a muscle atrophies , this leads to muscle weakness , since the ability to exert force is related to mass. .

It has been the home of Aston Villa Football Club since 1897 .

She has supported Amici Forever and Russell Watson with two sold-out tours in Tokyo .

Although the Atari 5200 's internal design was extensively based on that of the 400\/800 home computers , the differences were sufficient that games designed for one would not run directly on the other .

The Couderay River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in northwestern Wisconsin in the United States .

Porphyra is a red alga used in Wales to make laver .

Each of these mirrors has a surface measuring 120 square meters -LRB- 1,290 square feet -RRB- that concentrates the Sun 's rays to the top of a 115 meter -LRB- 377 feet -RRB- high tower where a solar receiver and a steam turbine are located .

Caught by the school nurse , he was charged for indecent conduct before the Lord Mayor of London and acquitted after `` donating '' Â # 1000 to the school : after that , he was subject to a military inquiry in April 1816 which stripped him of his rank and honors .

Subsequently he sat for Maryborough until 1800 .

This illegitimate Northern Court had been established in Kyoto by Ashikaga Takauji .

The municipality had , in 2002 , a total population of 4,491 : 2,453 men and 2,038 women .

Founded in 1979 by Jay A. Pritzker and his wife Cindy , the award is funded by the Pritzker family and is considered to be one of the world 's premier architecture prizes ; it is often referred to as the Nobel Prize of architecture .

This page indexes the individual years pages .

In Japan , China , Taiwan and some Southeast Asian countries , including Thailand and Malaysia , peas are roasted and salted , and eaten as snacks .

Following its purchase of Minardi , Red Bull Racing announced the creation of Scuderia Toro Rosso with Speed and Vitantonio Liuzzi as its drivers in 2006 season .

The University of New Haven is located not in New Haven but in neighboring West Haven .

In it , the singer noted ,

The second , titled `` Disposable Teens Pt .2 '' , followed on November 14 , 2000 and features a cover of The Doors ' `` Five to One '' .

After its release , Manson revealed that the over-arching story within the trilogy is divulged in reverse chronological order .

Friedrich Wilhelm Karl was born on 15 September 1911 in Frankfurt on Oder , Germany .

The Lynbarn was handed over to the park in 2005 , once Woody Bay had become established , and continues to operate as part of the attraction .

G.P. Ferguson , a neighbor of the Plott family in North Carolina in those days , was a major influence on the Plott breed . He made a careful study of the Blevins hounds and the Cable hounds of that era .

This model does not require that individuals be highly related , though high relatedness will reduce expected levels of resistance to manipulation .

On some tropical reefs several species of minute Synalpheus pistol shrimp , that depend on certain sponges for the survival of their colony , live eusocially with a single breeding female and a preponderance of male defenders , armed with enlarged snapping claws .

The ColecoVision offered arcade-quality graphics and gaming style , and the means to expand the system 's basic hardware .

Jacob `` Jake '' Hager -LRB- born March 24 , 1982 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler . He is signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , where he works under the name Jack Swagger on the SmackDown brand .

His first loss came in the form of a Raw dark match , at the TV taping on August 18 , 2008 , when he lost to William Regal .

Janet Champion and Slavka Kohout of the United States were also doing this spin before Denise Biellmann .

An epiphyte -LRB- or air plants -RRB- is a plant that grows upon another plant -LRB- such as a tree -RRB- non-parasitically or sometimes upon some other object -LRB- such as a building or a telegraph wire -RRB- , derives its moisture and nutrients from the air and rain and sometimes from debris accumulating around it , and is found in the temperate zone -LRB- as many mosses , liverworts , lichens and algae -RRB- and in the tropics -LRB- as many ferns , cacti , orchids , and bromeliads -RRB- .

The forward thrust is proportional to the mass of the airstream multiplied by the change in velocity of the airstream .

Valentino Mazzola -LRB- January 26 , 1919 - May 4 , 1949 -RRB- was an Italian footballer and captain of the legendary Grande Torino side killed in the Superga air disaster .

Degenerate art is the English translation of the German entartete Kunst , a term adopted by the Nazi regime in Germany to describe virtually all modern art .

Stoke Newington railway station links Stoke Newington to Liverpool Street in central London , and to Cheshunt and Enfield Town further north .

The First Mayor forms the ministries , according to the coalition agreement of the ruling parties .

The senate is permitted no more than 12 members by law .

Roy Richard Scheider -LRB- November 10 , 1932 â `` February 10 , 2008 -RRB- was an American actor .

The Bergen County Academies -LRB- sometimes referred to as Bergen Academy or BCA -RRB- is a magnet public high school located in Hackensack that serves the high school population of Bergen County , New Jersey .

The qualifying event was held at the Pakenham Regional Tennis Centre .

The main draws took place between the 23 and 29 January 2011 .

In the quarterfinals An-Sophie Mestach and Demi Schuurs sent the number one seeds Irina Khromacheva and Yulia Putintseva home for the loss of just three games .

Gisela Dulko \/ Flavia Pennetta def .

The second round witnessed the number one seeds Bryan and Huber withdraw and the defending champions , Paes and Black go out to Paul Hanley and Chan Yung-jan after two tiebreak sets .

In music , the term abstraction can be used to describe improvisatory approaches to interpretation , and may sometimes indicate abandonment of tonality .

It was first published as sheet music in 1903 .

In North Carolina , the storm surge from Isabel washed out a portion of Hatteras Island to form what was unofficially known as Isabel Inlet .

Joseph Benedict Chifley -LRB- Ë tÊ É fli ; 22 September 1885 -- 13 June 1951 -RRB- , Australian politician , was the 16th Prime Minister of Australia .

This type of scalar product is nevertheless quite useful , and leads to the notions of Hermitian form and of general inner product spaces .

It was one of four solo albums released by the members of Kiss on September 18 , 1978 .

Andrew `` Andy '' Murray -LRB- born 15 May 1987 -RRB- is a Scottish professional tennis player and current British No. 1 .

The game follows the Simpson family and the citizens of Springfield , who witness many strange incidents that occur in Springfield .

At the age of thirty , Hooker was elected a fellow of the Royal Society , and in 1873 he was chosen its President -LRB- till 1877 -RRB- .

Hooker was the one who formally presented this material to the Linnean Society meeting in 1858 .

Francesco Petrarca -LRB- July 20 , 1304 â `` July 19 , 1374 -RRB- , known in English as Petrarch , was an Italian scholar , poet and one of the earliest Renaissance humanists .

Emoticons have also expanded beyond simple cartoon facial expressions to a variety of still or moving images .

Ferric refers to iron-containing materials or compounds . In chemistry the term is reserved for iron with an oxidation number of +3 , also denoted iron -LRB- III -RRB- or Fe3 + .

Panama Fever : The Epic Story of One of the Greatest Human Achievements of All Time - the Building of the Panama Canal .

Bergdietikon is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

The highest peaks of the Stara planina are in central Bulgaria .

In March 2008 , El Diario commented , `` But if doubts persist about cases involving missing Latinas , there are reasons why .

She was last seen by her classmates outside Carlos ` n Charlie 's , a Caribbean chain restaurant and nightclub in Oranjestad , in a car with locals Joran van der Sloot and brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe .

The preparation and study of karyotypes is part of cytogenetics .

The International Federation of Association Football -LRB- French : FÃ dÃ ration Internationale de Football Association -RRB- , commonly known by the acronym FIFA -LRB- usual Ë fiË fÉ -RRB- , is the international governing body of association football , futsal and beach football .

The United Kingdom general election , 1997 was held on 1 May 1997 , more than five years after the previous election on 9 April 1992 , to elect 659 members to the British House of Commons .

The total area is 325.78 kmÂ .

It was used by the monks of the Fuke school of Zen Buddhism in the practice of suizen .

The actinides encompasses the 15 chemical elements that lie between actinium and lawrencium on the periodic table .

During their tenure , the Weinstein brothers ran Miramax independently of other Disney companies .

Nicknames -LRB- Dan , Danny -RRB- are common in the English language .

Before this , some organisms have been interpreted -LRB- tentatively -RRB- as stem-group polyplacophora ; the record of polyplacophora stretches back to the Ordovician .

Saint-Alban-Auriolles is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .

It includes all the traditional forms of religious thought , such as Kalam -LRB- Islamic theology -RRB- and Fiqh -LRB- Islamic jurisprudence -RRB- and also assimilates fields generally considered to be secular in the West , such as Islamic science and Islamic economics .

Andrew Chan , Si Yi Chen , Michael Czugaj , Renae Lawrence , Tach Duc Thanh Nguyen , Matthew Norman , Scott Rush , Martin Stephens and Myuran Sukumaran , all aged between 18 and 28 at the time of their arrests , faced the death penalty or life in prison if convicted .

No sign of the former station is visible on the surface or from the road tunnel .

Frederick Herman Jones , Jr. , better known Fred or Freddie , is a fictional character in the American television animated series Scooby-Doo , about a quartet of teenage mystery solvers and their Great Dane companion , Scooby-Doo .

Instead , the display is multiplexed .

The woolly monkeys are the genus Lagothrix of New World monkeys , usually placed in the family Atelidae .

Philadelphia 's city bell had been used to alert the public to proclamations or civic danger since the city 's 1682 founding .

The Acanthocephala were thought to be a discrete phylum .

If so , they are the nominate Sumatran siamang -LRB- S. s. syndactylus -RRB- and the Malaysian siamang -LRB- S. s. continentis , in peninsular Malaysia -RRB- .

The school has an all weather full sized tiger-turf sports pitch which the Wycombe Wanderers first team occasionally train on .

See How do I get my Wikipedia article to show up in the Google Earth Geographic Web layer ? .

Fir Park Stadium is a football stadium situated in Motherwell , North Lanarkshire , Scotland .

The bottom of such a basin is typically occupied by a salt lake or salt pan . Endorheic basins are also called internal drainage systems .

Rasht , often spelt Recht in French and older German manuscripts , is the capital of Gilan province in north western Iran and the largest city along the Caspian Sea coast .

Bourneau is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .

MontrÃ al is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .

Princess MÃ xima addressed the nation in fluent Dutch during the directly televised broadcast on the occasion of the engagement .

The same year , she married the Italian dancer Luigi Casagli , and is thus known as Justina Casagli .

The out-and-back coaster is 24 f tall and travels a course of 700 f. It was awarded the ACE Coaster Classic award by the American Coaster Enthusiasts .

EdÃ lson , full name EdÃ lson da Silva Ferreira , -LRB- born September 17 , 1971 in Salvador -RRB- is a former football player from Brazil .

In 1864 he became the Hofkapellmeister in Munich , and it was at this post he achieved his principal renown .

The event was the first WrestleMania held in the state of Texas .

The band released their new album , entitled The Chaos , on 26 April 2010 in the UK .

Bounded by Hope Street , Grand Avenue , 1st and 2nd Streets , it seats 2,265 people and serves -LRB- among other purposes -RRB- as the home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic orchestra and the Los Angeles Master Chorale .

Brentwood College School is a co-educational boarding school that focuses on preparing students for the challenges of post-secondary education .

In 1879 , the Bell company acquired Edison 's patents for the carbon microphone from Western Union . This made the telephone practical for long distances and it was no longer necessary to shout to be heard at the receiving telephone .

Mary Beatrice d'Este , the elder child of Alfonso IV , Duke of Modena , and his wife , Laura Martinozzi , was born on 5 October 1658 NS in Modena , Duchy of Modena , Italy .

In the absence of large-scale political unification , such as that imposed forcibly by the Romans upon the peoples of Italy , the various tribes remained free , led by their own hereditary or chosen leaders .

She stated that the inaugural champions would be determined from an eight-team tournament .

GDP is an aggregate figure which does not account for differing sizes of nations . Therefore , GDP can be stated as GDP per capita -LRB- per person -RRB- in which total GDP is divided by the resident population on a given date , GDP per citizen where total GDP is divided by the numbers of citizens residing in the country on a given date , and less commonly GDP per unit of a resource input , such as GDP per GJ of energy or Gross domestic product per barrel .

It is the county seat of Jackson County .

In 1789 , at the opening of the French Revolution , he was sent as a deputy to the Estates-General that soon became the National Constituent Assembly , where he acquired some limited fame , particularly for a public speech in defense of capital punishment .

The high wages and abundance of available land seen in the late 15th century and early 16th century were replaced with low wages and a land shortage .

The Luther Bible is a German Bible translation by Martin Luther , first printed with both testaments in 1534 .

She is no longer Earth-Born , but the creature , the handiwork of Olympian Zeus . ''

Eliot is a town in York County , Maine , United States .

`` Empire State of Mind '' is a song performed by American rapper and hip hop artist Jay-Z , featuring vocals from R&B and soul singer Alicia Keys .

If there are two pieces of the same type that can move to the same square , one more letter or number is added to indicate the file or rank from which the piece moved , e.g. Ngf3 means `` knight from the g-file moves to the square f3 '' .

It was released in July 2007 in North America and Europe , and in August 2007 in Australia .

Valentin Louis Georges EugÃ ne Marcel Proust -LRB- ; 10 July 1871 â `` 18 November 1922 -RRB- was a French novelist , critic , and essayist best known for his monumental Ã la recherche du temps perdu -LRB- In Search of Lost Time ; earlier translated as Remembrance of Things Past -RRB- . It was published in seven parts between 1913 and 1927 .

Toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .

`` Basket Case '' is a song by American punk rock band Green Day . It was released as the third single from their third album , Dookie .

In the interwar years urban London had further expanded , with increasing suburbanisation , improvement and expansion of public transport , and the setting up of new industries outside the inner London area .

The order is subdivided in three families : the Psittacidae -LRB- ` true ' parrots -RRB- , the Cacatuidae -LRB- cockatoos -RRB- and the Strigopidae -LRB- New Zealand parrots -RRB- .

In 2007 , Hurricane Humberto made landfall near High Island .

Kellner was the only child of Georg Friedrich Kellner , a baker and confectioner from the town of Arnstadt in Thuringia , and Barbara Wilhelmine Vaigle from Bietigheim-Bissingen near Ludwigsburg .

In 1553 , Queen Mary I came to the throne and it was made illegal to hold Protestant views .

Currently it is officially supported and considered stable on x86 , x86-64 , IA-64 , PA-RISC , PowerPC , PowerPC 970 , SPARC 64-bit and DEC Alpha architectures . It is also officially supported but considered in development state on MIPS , PS3 Cell Processor , System Z\/s390 , ARM , and SuperH .

The Defense Support Program -LRB- DSP -RRB- is a program of the U.S. Air Force that operates the reconnaissance satellites which form the principal component of the Satellite Early Warning System currently used by the United States .

Lemps is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .

George Roger Waters -LRB- born 6 September 1943 -RRB- is an English musician , singer-songwriter and composer .

The WWE Championship was introduced in 1963 with Buddy Rogers becoming the inaugural champion on April 29 .

Most of the Malaysian federal government agencies and departments are also located in Kota Kinabalu .

Muller frequently warned of the long-term dangers of radioactive fallout from nuclear war and nuclear testing , helping to raise public awareness in this area .

Melee and Super Smash Bros. . Brawl , in which Zelda can change into Sheik as one of her abilities .

The name Donna was later retired .

Crissiumal is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil , with a population of 14,726 inhabitants -LRB- 2007 - IBGE -RRB- .

Upon leaving the Clinton administration , PeÃ a returned to Denver and joined investment firm Vestar Capital Partners in August 1998 , as Senior Advisor .

Its purpose is unknown , but it may be useful in absorbing ultraviolet rays to manufacture vitamin D , as well as to determine light\/dark cycles , and help with thermoregulation .

For example , the word ` joint ' :

James was tutored at the family home ` Broomhill ' , Pendlebury , near Salford , until 1834 when he was sent with his elder brother Benjamin , to study with John Dalton at the Manchester Literary and Philosophical Society .

In 1908 Hans Geiger , with Ernest Rutherford , developed a device that would later be called the `` Geiger counter '' .

Memory T cells comprise two subtypes : central memory T cells -LRB- TCM cells -RRB- and effector memory T cells -LRB- TEM cells -RRB- .

The S , T , and ST scales are used for trig functions and multiples of trig functions , for angles in degrees .

Computers also changed the nature of calculation .

As the infection progresses , muscle spasms develop in the jaw -LRB- thus the name `` lockjaw '' -RRB- and elsewhere in the body .

The lowest average attendance at Portman Road was 8,741 in the club 's inaugural league season , the 1936 â `` 37 season in Division Three -LRB- South -RRB- .

They are usually nocturnal seed-eaters .

Chromium -LRB- III -RRB- oxide is the inorganic compound of the formula Cr2O3 .

Sulawesi is the world 's eleventh-largest island , covering an area of 174600 k. The island is surrounded by Borneo to the west , by the Philippines to the north , by Maluku to the east , and by Flores and Timor to the south .

The Habitation at Port-Royal -LRB- 1605-1613 -RRB- was the first French European settlement in North America north of Florida and is presently known as Port-Royal National Historic Site , a National Historic Site located on the northern side of the Annapolis Basin , Nova Scotia , Canada .

It was given an Australian-only single release and was also a radio single in the United States .

The people of Meppel thought the church tower was on fire .

In cosmology , cosmic microwave background -LRB- CMB -RRB- radiation -LRB- also CMBR , CBR , MBR , and relic radiation -RRB- is thermal radiation filling the universe almost uniformly .

Cavignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .

An oil refinery or petroleum refinery is an industrial process plant where crude oil is processed and refined into more useful petroleum products , such as gasoline , diesel fuel , asphalt base , heating oil , kerosene , and liquefied petroleum gas .

Modified SUVs also take part in races , including the Paris-Dakar Rally , the Baja racing series , TREC events , King of the Hammers in California and the Australian Outback .

Articles related to domestic cats .

In 1991 , Artie Shaw 's band library and manuscript collection was donated to the University of Arizona .

Branches of the NSE are located throughout India .

The Capital market -LRB- Equities -RRB- segment of the NSE commenced operations in November 1994 , while operations in the Derivatives segment commenced in June 2000 .

In 1887 , the Order was divided into the two classes of Knights Commander -LRB- 50 at any given time -RRB- and Companions -LRB- no quota -RRB- .

On 27 April 1941 , a newly formed unit of the UstaÅ e army killed members of the largely Serbian community of Gudovac , near Bjelovar .

He accorded himself the title of `` Poglavnik '' â '' a Croatian approximation to `` FÃ 1\/4 hrer '' and translating to something like `` Headman '' in English .

She is said to appear in a mirror when her name is called three times or sometimes more , depending upon the version of the story , often as part of a game .

Blood can leave the erectile tissue only through a drainage system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum .

Fontane 's first published work , the novella Geschwisterliebe -LRB- `` Sibling Love '' -RRB- , appeared in the Berlin Figaro in December 1839 .

Buffon held the position of intendant -LRB- director -RRB- at the Jardin du Roi , now called the Jardin des Plantes ; it is the French equivalent of Kew Gardens .

At this point , the prefect Laetus formed a conspiracy with Eclectus to supplant Commodus with Pertinax , taking Marcia into their confidence .

Lucius Aurelius Commodus Antoninus -LRB- 31 August 161 â `` 31 December 192 -RRB- was Roman Emperor from 180 to 192 .

One rationale was that a serf `` worked for all , '' while a knight or baron `` fought for all '' and a churchman `` prayed for all '' ; thus everyone had a place .

Armenia is a town in Juneau County , Wisconsin , United States .

Before modern times the government of the Isle of Man was in the hands of the Governor -LRB- or Lieutenant Governor -RRB- , who was the representative of the Lord of Man , assisted by his Council , consisting of the other permanent officials -LRB- the Bishop , Archdeacon , Deemsters , Attorney General , etc. -RRB- .

These included the Board of Education -LRB- 1872 -RRB- , Highway Board -LRB- 1874 -RRB- , Asylums Board -LRB- 1888 -RRB- , Government Property Trustees -LRB- 1891 -RRB- and Local Government Board -LRB- 1894 -RRB- .

Antonios Nikopolidis -LRB- ; born 14 January 1971 in Arta -RRB- is a Greek football player playing at the position of goalkeeper .

The squash has been an essential crop in the Andes since the pre-Columbian Era .

Taku Watanabe -LRB- born 9 November 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

Sense and Sensibility is a novel by the English novelist Jane Austen .

The First Constitutional Congress of Peru , Which he defined as reality and as a project to the new Republic of PeruWas chaired initially by whom was rector University of San Marcos , Don Toribio RodrÃ guez de Mendoza ; Of the 64 constituent members , were 54 and the San Marcos CarolineAnd the place where he met this great assembly was the Chapel of the University of San Marcos .

Edwards presented episodes of the Christian praise show Songs of Praise until 2007 .

Rufus W. Mathewson states that Alyosha Karamazov is a more robust positive hero than Prince Myshkin .

It is said to have become the official dog of the House of Orange in 1572 after a pug named Pompey saved the life of the Prince of Orange by alerting him to the approach of assassins .

A pug traveled with William III and Mary II when they left the Netherlands to ascend to the throne of England in 1688 .

Her many pugs , which she bred herself , included Olga , Pedro , Minka , Fatima and Venus .

, One Piece , Saint Seiya , El Hazard , Detective Conan and Read or Die .

Dirk Werner Nowitzki -LRB- born June 19 , 1978 -RRB- is a German professional basketball player who plays for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .

It crosses the Hindu Kush .

Its construction began in 1611 , and its splendor is mainly due to the beauty of its seven-colour mosaic tiles and calligraphic inscriptions .

Leptospira was first observed in 1907 from a post mortem renal tissue slice .

Now , Rhenock has following educational institutions

Biggar is a town and former burgh in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .

With systems that have unusual or non-uniform naming , like Amtrak , it may be necessary to have a test case for every line .

Researchers hope to find preserved mitochondrial DNA to compare with samples from similarly unfossilised specimens of Homo neanderthalensis and H. sapiens .

Clifford Lee `` Cliff '' Burton -LRB- February 10 , 1962 â `` September 27 , 1986 -RRB- was an American musician , best-known as the bass guitarist for the American thrash metal band Metallica .

In addition , you must do these things in the Modified Version :

The combined work need only contain one copy of this License , and multiple identical Invariant Sections may be replaced with a single copy .

Shirkuh died two months after taking power , and the rule went to his nephew , Saladin .

Eastern Christianity refers collectively to the Christian traditions and churches which developed in the Balkans , Eastern Europe , Asia Minor , the Middle East , Northeastern Africa , and India over several centuries of religious antiquity .

Alabama gained statehood on 14 December 1819 .

Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf was founded by -LRB- Imran Khan -RRB- on April 25th , 1996 in Lahore , Pakistan .

In 1999 , he was appointed music director of the Orquesta SinfÃ nica SimÃ n BolÃ var , the national youth orchestra of Venezuela , and toured several countries .

Unlike some similar invertebrates , they do not have external cilia , but instead have a number of spines along the body , plus up to seven circles of spines around the head .

She placed fourth in the long program earning 114.19 points , and finished third overall with 186.14 points behind Japanese skaters Miki Ando and Mao Asada .

The four yellow arrows symbolize the native nations of Brazil , whereas their pointing into the four cardinal directions of the compass stands for the centralized emanating political power of Brasilia , as the capital of the country .

He was reelected to a second term on 23 May 2009 .

KÃ hler is an economist by profession .

Wenedyk does not have articles .

The Qajar dynasty -LRB- - or Ø Ù Ø Ù

Sauber switched from Bridgestone to Michelin tyres over the winter , further severing their ties with the Ferrari team .

This adds the ability to interoperate with net applications that understand relationships between people and time and place information .

Usage : The template would typically be in an infobox , such as in 's spouse field .

Lucy Katherine Pinder -LRB- born 20 December 1983 -RRB- is an English glamour model , from Winchester , Hampshire .

She revealed that she is `` a bit of a Tory bird '' and that ` thick ' people irritate her .

The Legend of Zelda : Link 's Awakening , known as Zeruda no Densetsu : Yume o Miru Shima in Japan , is a 1993 action-adventure video game developed by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy .

Bellicourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .

The Vikings joined the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- as an expansion team in 1960 . They compete in the North Division of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- .

The Irish Singles Chart -LRB- Irish : Cairt Singil na hÃ ireann -RRB- is Ireland 's music industry standard singles popularity chart issued weekly by the Irish Recorded Music Association and compiled on behalf of the IRMA by Chart-Track .

However , until World War I , Kreuzlingen was a kind of suburb of Constance .

Carrion -LRB- from the Latin `` caro '' , meaning `` meat '' -RRB- refers to the carcass of a dead animal .

Le HÃ rie-la-Vi Ã ville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

The German troops were greeted by cheering Austrians with Hitler salutes , Nazi flags and flowers .

In April 2007 , examiners using newer DNA technology identified another Flight 11 victim .

After several months of media speculation , it was announced via the MTV News website that Luckett and Roberson had created a new group called Anjel .

The initial 1996 IRL season , as well as the first two races of the 1996-97 season , featured engines with specifications left over from the rival CART series competition .

Beginning to enter cooler waters , the cyclone accelerated east-northeastward on July 21 and July 22 .

It has been designated S\/2001 -LRB- 107 -RRB- 1 but has not yet received an official name .

Ha Seok-Ju -LRB- born February 20 , 1968 -RRB- is a retired South Korean football player .

Orbetello is a town and comune in the province of Grosseto -LRB- Tuscany -RRB- , Italy .

The Salmon River passes through Salmon ; white water rafters and other people interested in outdoor recreation have brought additional economic activity to Salmon . The Lemhi River flows into the Salmon River at Salmon .

It ended on November 30 , 1972 .

if -LRB- navigator .

Vampire bats hunt only when it is fully dark .

Often adding context to the article will help in the short-term to establish the potential of an encyclopedic entry on a topic .

Through his maternal grandmother , Arnold was a descendant of John Lothropp , an ancestor of at least four U.S. presidents .

In December 1780 , under orders from Clinton , Arnold led a force of 1,600 troops into Virginia , where he captured Richmond by surprise and then went on a rampage through Virginia , destroying supply houses , foundries , and mills .

His Judas-role in popular imagination is so fixed though that even an iconoclastic novel sequence like Gore Vidal 's Narratives of Empire does not question it .

In 1755 , Arnold , attracted by the sound of a drummer , attempted to enlist in the provincial militia for service against the French , but his mother refused permission .

Sustained winds in the city were recorded up to 23 m. Rainfall in the country peaked at 48 m in Wexford .

A bread roll is a piece of bread , usually small and round and is commonly considered a side dish .

It prefers some steppe and semi-desert in mountainous areas .

Argemiro Pinheiro da Silva known as Argemiro -LRB- 3 June 1915 -- 4 July 1975 -RRB- was a Brazilian football player .

See Namespace for the full list of namespace numbers .

The Union Council has a population of 56,892 while the population of town of Dhingano Bozdar is up to 10,000 and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka , it is located in the west of the district .

To prepare for admissions to the university , many foreign students attend German language courses at the University affiliated language school TUDIAS-Sprachschule .

The sirens of Greek mythology are sometimes portrayed in later folklore as mermaid-like ; in fact , some languages use the same word for both bird and fish creatures , such as the Maltese word ` sirena ' .

Carolingian , though legible , was time-consuming and labour-intensive to produce .

He has played for Japan national team .

A 2008 review of child pornography laws in 187 countries by the International Centre for Missing & Exploited Children -LRB- ICMEC -RRB- shows that 93 have no laws that specifically address child pornography .

In 2007 , a classifieds section , articles and news briefs were added .

Sonic Adventure is a video game developed by Sonic Team and released on December 23 , 1998 , in Japan by Sega for the Dreamcast .

Hibari Misora was born Kazue KatÅ in Isogo-ku , Yokohama , Japan .

Kessler faced Dimitri Sartison on June 21 , 2008 , for the vacant WBA Super Middleweight regular title . Kessler won the match by knockout in the 12th round .

The horse-drawn waggons moved too slowly for the incoming tide , and many were lost .

The simplest way to add this template to an article is to copy and paste .

If you need to link a show , use Template : Ibdb title instead .

It is suspected that many Trojan asteroids are in fact small planetesimals captured in the Lagrange point of Jupiter-Sun system during the outer migration of the giant planets , 3.9 billion years ago .

Matteo Brighi -LRB- born February 14 , 1981 in Rimini , Rimini , Italy -RRB- is an Italian football player .

Grand-Verly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

Henry returned to Frascati in 1803 . In September of that year he became the Dean of the College of Cardinals and hence Cardinal Bishop of Ostia and Velletri , though he still lived in the episcopal palace at Frascati .

These two marriages were tactics used by Louis XIV to keep Victor Amadeus close to France prior to the War of the Spanish Succession .

Its life history and host plants are unknown .

Software packages that use one of the versions of the MIT License include Expat , PuTTY , the Mono development platform class libraries , Ruby on Rails , Lua -LRB- from version 5.0 onwards -RRB- , and the X Window System , for which the license was written .

Many alloys contain zinc , including brass , an alloy of zinc and copper .

Two years later she began to have a love affair with Fabrizio Carafa , the Duke of Andria .

The building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 physically divided East Berlin and West Berlin until the Fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 .

Hurricane Ioke -LRB- also referred to as Typhoon Ioke , international designation : 0612 , JTWC designation : 01C , and sometimes called Super Typhoon Ioke -RRB- was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Central Pacific .

Ships in the passage are often good platforms for the sighting of whales , dolphins and plentiful seabirds including giant petrels , other petrels , albatrosses and penguins .

Craig County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .

As of 2000 , the population was 14,950 .

Fletcher currently lives in Lee , New Hampshire .

Officially , the trip was supposed to allow Eisenstein and company to learn about sound motion pictures and to present the famous Soviet artists in person to the capitalist West .

At the Petrograd Institute of Civil Engineering , Sergei studied architecture and engineering , the profession of his father .

The two had mutual admiration and between the end of October 1930 , and Thanksgiving of that year , Sinclair had secured an extension of Eisenstein 's absences from the USSR , and permission for him to travel to Mexico .

Takahashi managed to work on Maison Ikkoku on and off simultaneously with Urusei Yatsura . She concluded both series in 1987 , with Urusei Yatsura ending at 34 volumes , and Maison Ikkoku being 15 .

The Song was also the theme song for the Nintendo 64 game Nascar 99 .

If it falls below that threshold , then there is no way to climb back from certain extinction .

Suddenly , the father appears and starts fighting the Quetzalcoatlus .

In the end , the narrator says that humans would never have existed if a chance collision in space 165 million years ago had n't occurred , sending an asteroid hurtling towards Earth and dooming the dinosaurs to extinction .

-LRB- 102.27 kg -RRB- , he pioneered the way for taller , larger shortstops to be successful in that position .

Real Madrid Club de FÃ tbol -LRB- Royal Madrid Football Club -RRB- , commonly known as Real Madrid , is a professional football club based in Madrid , Spain .

The table below chronicles the achievements of Saipa in various competitions since 1993 .

Saipa Karaj Football Club is a football team based in Karaj , Iran .

Access at the Farringdon end will be via the new Thameslink ticket hall .

FreeNAS is currently distributed as an ISO image and in source form .

Note that the sum of the residuals within a random sample is necessarily zero , and thus the residuals are necessarily not independent .

Hugo BenjamÃ n Ibarra -LRB- born April 1 , 1974 in El Colorado , Formosa -RRB- is a retired Argentine professional football player .

She dedicated the whole performance to him and sang `` Why ?

In 1951 , Sturgeon coined what is now known as Sturgeon 's Law : `` Ninety percent of SF -LRB- science fiction -RRB- is crud , but then , ninety percent of everything is crud . ''

The University of Virginia was founded opened in 1825 , and was Jefferson 's project .

The RÃ union Tram Train , scheduled to start construction in 2008 , will link the city to the airport and to RÃ union 's second city , Saint-Paul .

He advocated the resolution of Bosnian issues by reforms and cooperation between the people and the nobility .

Principal cast members include Jon Voight , Burt Reynolds , Ronny Cox , and Ned Beatty in his film debut .

Morbio Superiore was a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland in the hills above Chiasso .

It comprises two horseshoe-shaped islets , Manuae to the west and Te Au O Tu to the east , with a total area of 6.17 kmÂ on either side of a lagoon about 7 km x 4 km .

FC Augsburg is a German football club based in Augsburg , Bavaria .

Though Diamond and Pearl were expected to be released in Japan by 2005 , Nintendo revealed that the developers were still working on aspects of the gameplay and that the games would not be released until 2006 . The company said that Diamond and Pearl would be able to communicate with PokÃ mon games for the Game Boy Advance , allowing players to transfer their PokÃ mon to the new games .

He was the father of LÃ on Daudet and Lucien Daudet .

On January 14 , 1836 , Crockett and 65 other men signed an oath before Judge John Forbes to the Provisional Government of Texas for six months : `` I have taken the oath of government and have enrolled my name as a volunteer and will set out for the Rio Grande in a few days with the volunteers from the United States . ''

The teacher eventually wrote to Crockett 's father to ask why his son did not attend class . Crockett told his father the truth .

Sainte-H Ã lÃ ne , Gironde is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .

The American edition of the novel was published simply as Pearls of Lutra .

As being temporarily deprived of our Motherland let us save in our ranks not only faith in her , but an unbending desire towards feats , sacrifice , and the establishment of a united friendly family of those who did not let down their hands in the fight for her liberation ''

Comparing the DNA of B cells -LRB- a type of white blood cell -RRB- in embryonic and adult mice , he observed that genes in the mature B cells of the adult mice are moved around , recombined , and deleted to form the diversity of the variable region of antibodies .

Strength training differs from bodybuilding , weightlifting , powerlifting , and strongman , which are sports rather than forms of exercise , although training for them is inherently interconnected with strength training , as it is for shotput , discus , and Highland games .

Chikor gray and black Partridge are also found in the parts of the district .

The backbone of the district is formed by the Salt Range , a treble line of parallel hills running in three long forks from east to west throughout its whole breadth .

Columbus had most success with the first film in the Harry Potter series , Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , along with Home Alone , winning a British Comedy Award for Best Comedy Film .

Shaun Mark `` Sean '' Bean -LRB- born 17 April 1959 -RRB- is an English film and stage actor .

Saint-Nizier-le-D Ã sert is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

The NFC playoffs culminate in the NFC Championship Game for the George Halas Trophy .

He has been honored with a knighthood -LRB- 1988 -RRB- and as a Companion of Honour -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .

It is the seventeenth book in the Redwall series .

Dee Dee initially pursued a brief career as a rapper under the name Dee Dee King .

His craggy looks soon made him into a character actor , although he won critical acclaim as Galileo in John Dexter 's production of The Life of Galileo by Brecht at the National Theatre in 1980 .

However , if etc. are not used , such as when the author of the source is unknown and the short footnote specifies an organization name , will not create the proper ID value .

ChÃ cents teauneuf-le-Rouge is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .

She is best known for her role as Tara Maclay on the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , but has also directed , produced and starred in her own films Chance -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and Lovers , Liars & Lunatics -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .

We can better understand the underlying flame physics by constructing an idealized model consisting of a uniform one-dimensional tube of unburnt and burned gaseous fuel , separated by a thin transitional region of width in which the burning occurs .

In the computer game Tropico , Lou Bega is one of the characters someone can choose as their dictatorial persona . He was included as part of a licensing deal that also saw Bega 's song `` Club Elitaire '' integrated into the German release of Tropico .

Libreville International Airport is the largest airport in Gabon and is located around north of the city .

Unlike the previous two , the third tunnel was discovered following a tip from a North Korean defector .

In 1890 Peechelba Town office opened , closing in 1969 .

He also played for the New Jersey Devils , Florida Panthers , Calgary Flames and Anaheim Ducks .

`` The CEC ruled that Bishara and Balad sought to destroy the Jewish character of the state and supported the armed struggle against it . ''

This ship infobox supports a very large number of fields , including some specialty fields that will rarely be used .

To promote nationwide literacy among 1st to 6th graders and encourage more reading during the summer , Barnes & Noble has implemented a summer challenge where if children read 8 books and write about their reading , Barnes & Noble will give the readers a free book .

On January 1 , 2007 Essen had a total population of 17,143 .

They shall guard thy fame and adore thy name ; Thou shalt be their Northern Star !

The incident was turned into a play by Bonnie Greer in 2005 .

In addition , flooding from the overflowing of the River La Sabana , led to the evacuation of at least one hundred families from around the river by the Consejo Estatal de Proteccion Civil .

By increasing muscular strength and improving balance , weight training can reduce falls by elderly persons as well .

Weight training is a safe form of exercise when the movements are slow , controlled , and carefully defined .

A classic example is the evolution of a fourth cusp is the mammalian tooth .

It is the branch of theology relating to superhuman beings who are not gods .

Hsekiu , also Seka , was a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Nile Delta .

Jeffrey Scot Suppan -LRB- ; born January 2 , 1975 , in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma -RRB- , is a Major League Baseball pitcher currently with the Kansas City Royals organization .

Goldthorpe is currently a foreman at a construction company in Canada , having held that position in San Diego for several years .

There are only two players that have won both the Norris and Hart Memorial Trophy for the same season : Bobby Orr , who won both trophies for the 1969 â `` 70 , 1970 â `` 71 and 1971 â `` 72 seasons , and Chris Pronger , who won the Hart and Norris for the 1999 â `` 2000 NHL season .

She is best remembered for organizing the American Red Cross .

The character of Harold `` Hal '' Jordan was a second-generation test pilot , having followed in the footsteps of his father , Martin Jordan .

He has published more than 90 academic papers and is a regular contributor to The Electricity Journal and Energy Policy .

The Canadian Forces Land Force Command -LRB- LFC -RRB- , often called the Canadian Army , is responsible for army operations within the Canadian Forces .

On November 4 , Obama won the presidency with 365 electoral votes to 173 received by McCain .

that are still played at Yale today . Porter wrote 300 songs while at Yale .

The 2.0 i version supported double-byte character-set .

While a major upgrade of Internet Explorer can be uninstalled in a traditional way if the user has saved the original application files for installation , the matter of uninstalling the version of the browser that has shipped with an operating system remains a controversial one .

Internet Explorer also supports Integrated Windows Authentication .

Its Ruby character extension to HTML is also accepted as a module in W3C XHTML 1.1 , though it is not found in all versions of W3C HTML .

Hiroshi Saeki -LRB- born May 26 , 1936 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

He has played for Japan national team .

Robert Renfroe `` Bob '' Riley -LRB- born October 3 , 1944 -RRB- is an American politician in the Republican Party .

Because these features are related to the stratovolcano of Mount Cayley , the volcanic field is commonly referred to as the Mount Cayley volcanic field .

Human encroachment into or adjacent to natural areas where bush elephants occur has led to recent research into methods of safely driving groups of elephants away from humans , including the discovery that playback of the recorded sounds of angry honey bees is remarkably effective at prompting elephants to flee an area .

From 1784 to 1789 , the confederation 's finances were overseen by a three-member Treasury Board .

The median income for a household in the village is $ 40,221 , and the median income for a family is $ 43,646 .

ChÃ cents teaurenard is a commune in the Arles arrondissement , in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department , in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region , in southern France .

Approaching Artemisium towards the end of summer , the Persian navy was caught in a gale off the coast of Magnesia and lost around a third of their 1200 ships .

The average summer high temperature is the hottest of any area in the United States after Death Valley , which is the hottest of any major city in the United States , and approaches those of cities such as Riyadh and Baghdad .

Males had a median income of $ 37,027 versus $ 25,443 for females .

Brutus and Cassius were defeated by Antony and Octavian at the Battle of Philippi in October 42 BC .

before his third birthday .

In contrast to CQD , which was sent as three separate letters with spaces between each letter , the SOS distress call has always been transmitted as a continuous sequence of dits-and-dahs , and not as individual letters .

Jonny Kennedy -LRB- born 16 February 1990 in England -RRB- is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Aviva Premiership .

In addition , some color blind people find it easier to distinguish problem colors on artificial materials , such as plastic or in acrylic paints , than on natural materials , such as paper or wood .

The 32 rounds means that Serpent has a higher security margin than Rijndael ; however , Rijndael with 10 rounds is faster and easier to implement for small blocks .

Ammonium carbonate -LRB- NH4 -RRB- 2CO3 is a commercial salt , formerly known as sal volatile or salt of hartshorn .

The railway at one point owned at least two trains of 1962 tube stock .

The Epping-Ongar branch lost its through trains to London , and a shuttle service between Epping -LRB- to connect with trains to London -RRB- and Ongar was implemented ; for a short time , one could see the unusual sight of steam trains and London Underground electric multiple units side-by-side at Epping .

In Catholic folklore , Mary , the sister of Lazarus , is seen as the same as Mary Magdalene .

Sutrieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

It displayed the zodiac , the solar and lunar orbits , a crescent moon-shaped pointer traveling across a gateway causing automatic doors to open every hour , and five robotic musicians who played music when struck by levers operated by a camshaft attached to a water wheel .

Continental lithosphere is typically ~ 200 km thick , though this also varies considerably between basins , mountain ranges , and stable cratonic interiors of continents .

He has played for Japan national team .

Both cuprous and cupric oxides are known : Copper -LRB- I -RRB- oxide -LRB- cuprite -RRB- and copper -LRB- II -RRB- oxide -LRB- tenorite -RRB- .

He plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .

It is the third-largest subdivision of China spanning about 1,200,000 kmÂ -LRB- 463,000 sq mi -RRB- or 12 % of China 's total land area .

The Leafs would defeat the Montreal Canadiens in the final 4 â `` 1 to win the 1951 Stanley Cup Final .

Lewicki was pressed into service on the orders of Conn Smythe , although he was not healed .

Assuming good faith is a fundamental principle on Wikipedia .

Because of its large size , the entire Texas coast was affected , and damage was reported as far inland as Dallas .

All thirty-eight provinces of the Anglican Communion are independent , each with its own primate and governing structure .

The Anglican Communion is an international association of national and regional Anglican churches .

His dissertation topic was `` Representation of American Sign Language for Machine Translation . ''

`` Halls of Illusions '' is the first single by American hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse from their fourth studio album , The Great Milenko .

George Grenville -LRB- 14 October 1712 â `` 13 November 1770 -RRB- was a British Whig statesman who rose to the position of Prime Minister of Great Britain .

He is working for World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where he appears on SmackDown as the play by by announcer , and Raw as a color commentator .

In 1995 the club was renamed Angusht and finished second in their zone , securing promotion to the Second League -LRB- they were playing in Malgobek that season -RRB- .

It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 15 , 1990 .

The 1954 Formula One season included the 5th FIA Formula One World Championship season , which commenced on January 17 , 1954 , and ended on October 24 after nine races .

Trois-Monts -LRB- French for three-mountains -RRB- is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

On their way , those wild , undisturbed rivers are lined with dense rainforests , sand dunes or mangroves .

Lance Hoyt -LRB- born February 28 , 1977 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler , best known for his work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , where he is a two time NWA World Tag Team Champion with Kid Kash while the title was under the TNA banner . He is also known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name Vance Archer .

The Hutu , or Abahutu , are a Central African ethnic group , living mainly in Rwanda and Burundi .

Baroness Karen von Blixen-Finecke -LRB- 17 April 1885 â `` 7 September 1962 -RRB- , nÃ e Karen Christenze Dinesen , was a Danish author also known by her pen name Isak Dinesen .

Gallo is a regional language of France .

In 1942 , Lager Norderney , containing Russian and Polish POWs , and Lager Sylt , holding Jews , were placed under the control of the SS HauptsturmfÃ 1\/4 hrer Max List .

The program was produced by Tim Heffer and Alan Hall of Falling Tree Productions , and was nominated for a Sony Radio Academy Award in 2006 .

There he rediscovered his older brother , CÃ leste Ponticelli , who had also joined the regiment .

Large portions of the circuitry were left idle at any one step ; for instance , the instruction decoding circuitry would be idle during execution and so on .

Computer architects have become stymied by the growing mismatch in CPU operating frequencies and DRAM access times . None of the techniques that exploited instruction-level parallelism within one program could make up for the long stalls that occurred when data had to be fetched from main memory .

With transaction-based applications such as network routing and web-site serving greatly increasing in the last decade , the computer industry has re-emphasized capacity and throughput issues .

These courses were generated in a way that depended on the background music and players could load their own music to play along .

Soon SuwaÅ ki became the fourth most populous town in the Kingdom of Poland .

Finally in 1915 , the Germans broke the Russian front and SuwaÅ ki was put under German occupation .

Amauri Carvalho de Oliveira -LRB- born 3 June 1980 -RRB- , better known as Amauri , is a Brazilian-born Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Parma .

`` Rowdy Blues '' , a 1929 song credited to Kid Bailey , is disputed to have Brown on backup , or Brown himself using the name of Kid Bailey . Both `` M & O Blues '' and `` Future Blues '' appear on the album Son House & The Great Delta Blues Singers -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , recorded between 1928 and 1930 , on the Document Records label .

The Stuart complex became fully operational on 20 December 1944 .

has become the second highest watched program on The CW .

This is the first time a major weekly WWE show airs internationally before it hits screens in the U.S.

The last SmackDown !

La FertÃ - Bernard is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .

But in 1980 , Grade 9 was added to the high school .

Lady Gaga was born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta in New York City on March 28 , 1986 , the eldest child of Italian American Joseph Germanotta , an internet entrepreneur , and Cynthia -LRB- nÃ e Bissett -RRB- .

When she appeared as a guest on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in May 2009 , she praised DeGeneres for being `` an inspiration for women and for the gay community '' .

Dario Dabac -LRB- born 23 May 1978 -RRB- is a Croatian footballer who plays for Chinese club Chongqing Lifan .

The fallen logs continue supporting a rich variety of life for centuries more on the forest floor .

Kijiji websites are currently available for more than 300 cities in Germany .

Kijiji offers similar services and is seen as a competitor to Craigslist with the biggest differences being that Kijiji gets much less U.S. traffic and has an extensive pets section .

It is a subsidiary of eBay launched in March 2005 .

Miso was used as military provision during the Sengoku era and making miso was an important economic activity for daimyos of that era .

Duracell is a brand of batteries manufactured by Procter & Gamble .

The Offspring is the debut studio album by the American punk rock band The Offspring .

Androids , also known as andys , all have a preset `` death '' date .

Lambiel placed fourth and was sent to the Olympics , where he finished fifteenth .

Orlando Gibbons -LRB- baptised 25 December 1583 -- 5 June 1625 -RRB- was an English composer , virginalist and organist of the late Tudor and early Jacobean periods .

The Template : Strlen_short gives the length of parameter 1 , as a string , with a count of 0-50 characters , using a simple , quick method .

The template was designed to use only 2 levels of expansion depth , rather than 9-13 or more levels as in other string-length templates .

Marta Colvin Andrade -LRB- 1907-1995 -RRB- is a sculptress from , ChillÃ n , Chile .

Fable II is an action role-playing game -LRB- RPG -RRB- in the Fable game series developed by Lionhead Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios for Xbox 360 . The sequel to Fable and Fable : The Lost Chapters , it was originally announced in 2006 and released in October 2008 .

At the Reward Challenge , it was revealed that both tribes would be attending Tribal Council . NakÃ m won their second challenge in a row .

From these semi-finalists , 16 were chosen to participate the show between June to August 2005 .

Cold Bay is one of the main commercial centers of the Alaska Peninsula , and is home to Cold Bay Airport .

In 1081 Henry opened the conflict against Gregory in Italy .

Please do not add inappropriate external links to Wikipedia .

The 2006 Formula One season was the 57th season of FIA Formula One motor racing .

In 2008 , however , a member , Kim Sunghee , left the group .

Kara debuted on March 29 , 2007 .

Also , tents are typically divided into clusters of 8-10 to prevent the rapid spread of fire , which is of utmost concern because of the tent and bedding materials .

The number seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- in the seven days of Creation is typological and the number seven appears commonly elsewhere in the Bible .

The next step in the anti-tobacco campaign came in July 1943 , when public smoking for persons under the age of 18 was outlawed .

Fashion illustrations displaying women with cigarettes were often published in prominent publications such as the Beyers Mode fÃ 1\/4 r Alle -LRB- Beyers Fashion For All -RRB- .

Out of these magazines , Reine Luft was the main journal of the anti-tobacco movement .

He said that the first tobacco on German soil was brought by the Jews and that they controlled the tobacco industry in Amsterdam , the principal European entry point of Nicotiana .

Most commonly , the wheel is mounted vertically on a horizontal axle , but the tub or Norse wheel is mounted horizontally on a vertical shaft .

Adriana Lima -LRB- born June 12 , 1981 , Salvador , Bahia -RRB- is a Brazilian model , best known as a Victoria 's Secret Angel since 2000 , and as a spokesmodel for Maybelline cosmetics from 2003 to 2009 . At age 15 , Lima finished first in Ford 's `` Supermodel of Brazil '' competition , and took second place the following year in the Ford `` Supermodel of the World '' competition before signing with Elite Model Management in New York City .

In 1976 he received an honorary doctorate in Christian Philosophy from the Catholic University of Lublin -LRB- KUL -RRB- .

Prudius has also worked as a stage and screen actor , notably having a small role in Spike Lee 's 25th Hour .

` Abdu ` l-Bah Ã first used the term `` Universal House of Justice '' to distinguish the supreme body from those local ` Houses of Justice ' to be established in each community , and the secondary ` Houses of Justice ' -LRB- current BahÃ ' Ã national spiritual assemblies -RRB- .

Directed by Catherine Hardwicke , the film stars Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson .

Both were born prior to du PrÃ 's death in 1987 .

White Light\/White Heat is the second studio album by the American rock band The Velvet Underground .

Saint-Martin-de-Mieux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

It grew out of the John Reed Club as an alternative to New Masses , the publication of the American Communist Party , but became staunchly anti-Communist after Joseph Stalin secured his place at the head of the Soviet Union .

Dolomite is the name of a sedimentary carbonate rock and a mineral , both composed of calcium magnesium carbonate CaMg -LRB- CO3 -RRB- 2 found in crystals .

However , its impacts are not well understood and are likely to vary , depending on the location .

During this time , the virus will not produce any progeny , it will remain inactive until external stimuli -LRB- such as light or stress -RRB- prompts it into activation .

The Town of St. Catharines was incorporated in 1845 . St. Catharines was incorporated as a city in 1876 .

He ended up hiring Micheline Bernardini , a nude dancer from the Casino de Paris .

RÃ ard named his swimsuit the `` bikini '' , taking the name from the Bikini Atoll , one of a series of islands in the South Pacific where testing on the new atomic bomb was occurring that summer .

The storm strengthened as it moved north becoming a hurricane just before making landfall near Grand Isle , Louisiana , on July 5 .

Hurricane Cindy was responsible for 3 deaths in the United States and brought heavy rains to Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Maryland .

SummerSlam -LRB- 2009 -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on August 23 , 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles , California .

Jurchen-Manchu -LRB- Jurchen and Manchu are simply different stages of the same language ; in fact , the ethnonym `` Manchu '' did not come about until 1636 when Emperor Hong Taiji decreed that the term would replace `` Jurchen '' -RRB- is the only Tungusic language with a literary form -LRB- in Jurchen script and later the Manchu alphabet -RRB- which dates back to at least the mid - to late-12th century ; as such it is a very important language for the reconstruction of Proto-Tungusic .

Instead , Pompey waited Caesar 's troops out , attempting to starve them by cutting off Caesar 's supply lines . Caesar made a near disastrous attack on Pompey 's camp at Dyrrhachium and was forced to pull away .

Andreas `` Andy '' Brehme -LRB- born 9 November 1960 in Hamburg -RRB- is a German football coach and former football defender .

Although he was not personally involved in the bombing of the Communist Party headquarters , Chernyi was , because of his association with the Underground Anarchists , a likely candidate for a frameup .

His strategy for this was to forge an economic alliance with the United States .

At the immunity challenge , Jon and Sandra felt uncomfortable , while Lil felt fine . Sandra fell early .

Please think carefully before changing it , and make sure you explain your change in your edit summary .

The City of Groton is a dependent political subdivision of the Town of Groton in New London County , Connecticut , United States .

Most commonly , nihilism is presented in the form of existential nihilism which argues that life is without objective meaning , purpose , or intrinsic value .

Quentin Alice Louise Bryce , AC -LRB- born 23 December 1942 -RRB- is the 25th and current Governor-General of Australia -LRB- the first woman to hold the position -RRB- and former Governor of Queensland .

The ESF has also begun to exploit the power of Innovators through Descartes Shaman .

In the United Kingdom , Gundam 00 has been nominated for the 2009 NEO Award for Best Anime .

Subsequently , it is revealed that Aeolia Schenberg 's plan is to ensure humanity 's survival ; unite the world 's factions through Celestial Being 's armed interventions and then advance humanity into deep space and undergo Innovation , a trans-human process .

Litters normally consist of 2 to 3 pups , but females may have up to 6 pups in a single litter .

The cathedral has the tallest church spire in the United Kingdom -LRB- 123m\/404 ft -RRB- .

It is in great danger of becoming extinct .

The Right Honourable Lord Mayor of London is the legal title for the Mayor of -LRB- and head of -RRB- the City of London Corporation . The Lord Mayor of London is to be distinguished from the Mayor of London ; the former is an officer only of the City of London , while the Mayor of London is the Mayor of Greater London and as such governs a much larger area .

Brunswick County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .

Such systems almost always use symmetric key cryptographic algorithms .

In Beaumont , Texas , there is an Edison Museum , though Edison never visited there . The Port Huron Museum , in Port Huron , Michigan , restored the original depot that Thomas Edison worked out of as a young newsbutcher .

Following Zuma 's accession to the ANC leadership in 2007 and Mbeki 's resignation as president in 2008 , the Mbeki faction of former ministers led by Mosiuoa Lekota split away from the ANC to form the Congress of the People .

The Kalapuya had named the area Takenah .

For loanwords ending orthographically in a consonant but phonetically in a vowel , the apostrophe is used instead : e.g. show ` n for the genitive case of the English loan `` show '' or Versailles ` n for the French place name Versailles .

The Cruiserweight Champion , Chavo Guerrero , was the final entrant and pinned Mysterio with a reversal of Mysterio 's Sunset Flip to win with the assistance of his father Chavo Guerrero , Sr. , thus retaining the title .

It was also a Quill Award nominee .

Its plot is fast-paced and encompasses humor as well as themes such as love and loyalty .

Moenjodaro is situated 7 km away in East-South of the Dokri town .

By 744 , his daughter Bertrada of Laon -LRB- by Bertrada of Cologne -RRB- had married Pepin the Short , mayor of the palace of Neustria and Burgundy and later king of the Franks .

The so-called Tempietto -LRB- Italian : `` small temple '' -RRB- is a small commemorative martyrium built by Donato Bramante , possibly as early as 1502 , in the courtyard of San Pietro in Montorio .

Electronic money -LRB- also known as e-currency , e-money , electronic cash , electronic currency , digital money , digital cash , digital currency , cyber currency -RRB- refers to money or scrip which is only exchanged electronically . Typically , this involves the use of computer networks , the internet and digital stored value systems .

General relativity provides of a set of ten nonlinear partial differential equations for the spacetime metric -LRB- Einstein 's field equations -RRB- that must be solved from the distribution of mass-energy and momentum throughout the universe .

For most of the 20th century , Fleetwood was a prominent deep-sea fishing port , but , since the 1970s , the fishing industry has declined precipitously and the town has undergone economic difficulties .

The fields and other holdings belonging to Nephthys 's temple were under the authority of two Nephthys-prophets -LRB- named Penpmer and Merybarse -RRB- and one -LRB- mentioned -RRB- wa ` ab priest of the goddess .

The Eurovision Song Contest 2011 will be the 56th annual Eurovision Song Contest .

Neptune is the farthest planet from the Sun , yet its internal energy is sufficient to drive the fastest planetary winds seen in the Solar System .

Neptune 's innermost four moonsâ '' Naiad , Thalassa , Despina and Galateaâ '' orbit close enough to be within Neptune 's rings .

McEver also holds the record for career scoring at Tennessee among non-kickers .

After Pascal 's death , Valerie married the famous publisher and philanthropist George T. Delacorte , Jr. and spent the rest of her life supporting charitable foundations under the name Valerie Delacorte .

After the success of Pygmalion , which was shortened in its transition from stage to screen , he increasingly refused to let his plays be cut .

It is frequently used in desserts , juices and sweets .

Such an arrangement of turbos is typically referred to as a parallel twin-turbo system .

This is a list of members of the ice hockey Hockey Hall of Fame .

Before it emerged as a unique discipline , control engineering was practiced as a part of mechanical engineering and control theory was studied as a part of electrical engineering , since electrical circuits can often be easily described using control theory techniques .

Beychac-et-Caillau is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .

The first school opened in 1850 and a Police Station in 1852 .

Bertrand du Guesclin -LRB- c. 1320 â `` 13 July 1380 -RRB- , known as the Eagle of Brittany or the Black Dog of BrocÃ liande , was a Breton knight and French military commander during the Hundred Years ' War .

`` Because We Want To '' is a pop song performed by British singer Billie .

Under Qing pressure , Zheng Jing struggled to defend Amoy , Quemoy and the Pescadores islands , which he had eventually lost over the years , mainly due to his minuscule forces which were insufficient to defend from Qing forces .

For the next 19 years , Zheng Jing tried to provide sufficiently for the local inhabitants and reorganize their military forces in Taiwan .

If the force and the displacement are parallel but in opposite directions -LRB- i.e. antiparallel , = 180 â -RRB- , the mechanical work is negative . If a force F is applied at an angle , only the component of the force in the same direction as the displacement does work .

The Herald Sun primarily serves Victoria and shares many articles with other News Corporation paid daily newspapers , especially those from Australia .

The 1983 stock proved to be unreliable and troublesome in service , with single-leaf doors making passenger loading and unloading a slower process than on other stock with wider door openings .

Nitric acid -LRB- HNO3 -RRB- , also known as aqua fortis and spirit of nitre , is a highly corrosive and toxic strong acid .

It is a fast paced song with a slower , chant-along bridge , with all running at two minutes and fifty seconds .

Pong -LRB- marketed as PONG -RRB- is one of the earliest arcade video games , and is a tennis sports game featuring simple two-dimensional graphics . While other arcade video games such as Computer Space came before it , Pong was one of the first video games to reach mainstream popularity .

Areas historically part of Warwickshire include Coventry , Solihull , and most of Birmingham .

Dassu , also spelt Dusso , is a town in the Gilgit-Baltistan of Pakistan .

A formal presentation is held later , usually on the university campus of the recipient .

The Defense Housing Authority is fighting erosion by badding more sand , which may change the shape and features of the beach .

The remaining Cult member , Dalek Caan , once again escapes using a temporal shift .

They emerged , along with a Time Lord prison vessel containing millions of Daleks , at Canary Wharf due to the actions of the Torchwood Institute and Cybermen from a parallel world .

In 2008 , Tropical Storm Fay came ashore near the cape , as had the 1910 Cuba hurricane .

The symbols were adopted at various stages in the existence of Pakistan and there are various rules and regulations governing their definition or use .

Oxen are most often used in teams of two , paired , for light work such as carting . In the past , teams might have been larger , with some teams exceeding twenty animals when used for logging .

Northwestern Oklahoma is the geographical region of the state of Oklahoma which includes the Oklahoma Panhandle and a majority of the Cherokee Outlet , stretching to an eastern extent along Interstate 35 , and its southern extent along the Canadian River to Noble County .

Chobits is a Japanese manga created by the Japanese manga collective Clamp .

Daniel is known as a goal-scorer , while Henrik is known as a playmaker .

Under Dodd 's leadership , Tech played in 13 major bowls , winning 9 , including six in a row from 1952 to 1956 , and had a 31-game winning streak from 1951 to 1953 .

Bobby Dodd was a quarterback for the Tennessee Volunteers football team from 1928 to 1930 , where he was a member of Sigma Nu Fraternity , playing under legendary coach Robert Neyland .

Frederick was the leader of the association of Protestant princes in the Holy Roman Empire known as the Protestant Union , and Elizabeth was married to him in an effort to increase James 's ties to these princes .

About a year into her travels with Xena , her scrolls about Xena 's exploits begin to gain popularity , apparently helping , according to Ares , turn Xena into a legend .

Mitsunori Fujiguchi -LRB- born August 17 , 1949 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

As of 2006 , over 6,400 species of harvestmen have been discovered worldwide , although the real number of extant species may exceed 10,000 .

The amount of Rayleigh scattering that occurs for a beam of light is dependent upon the size of the particles and the wavelength of the light .

As Cale and Akima step onto the new planet , Cale decides to call it `` Bob . ''

All of the African Great Lakes were formed as the result of the rift , and most lie within its rift valley .

Le Mesnil-Patry is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

He is also an international speaker on consciousness .

With Parker 's quintet , Davis went into the studio several times , already showing hints of the style for which he would become known .

It is used for Australian football , Test cricket , One Day International cricket , some rugby league and rugby union matches and is the home ground for the New South Wales Blues cricket team and the Sydney Swans of the Australian Football League .

The final revised documentation for PDF 1.7 was approved by ISO Technical Committee 171 in January 2008 and published as ISO 32000-1 :2008 on July 1 , 2008 . PDF is now a published ISO standard , titled Document managementâ '' Portable document formatâ '' Part 1 : PDF 1.7 .

South Africa has a generally temperate climate , due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides , by its location in the climatically milder southern hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north -LRB- towards the equator -RRB- and further inland .

India is the world 's largest producer of licit opium .

Zaventem is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .

New Zealand and its surrounding islands are a distinctive sub-region of the Australasian ecozone .

After the success of the 5-time Allan Cup champion Thunder Bay Twins , the Colonial Hockey League took interest in expanding to the Northwestern Ontario city .

When the team 's name changed from the `` Anaheim Angels '' to the `` Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim , '' the logo changed only slightly , the name `` ANAHEIM ANGELS '' and the blue baseball diamond were removed leaving only the `` big A. ''

The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are a professional baseball team based in Anaheim , California .

She further commented that the war is talked about `` in uninformed and unimaginative ways , '' and that the war is as important to the Igbo people her book features today as it was then .

Prince Leonard is married to Her Royal Highness Princess Shirley of Hutt , Dame of the Rose of Sharon -LRB- nÃ e Shirley Butler -RRB- , by whom he has seven adult children , among them is Crown Prince Ian -LRB- born 1947 -RRB- who is the Prime Minister of the Principality , has been designated as Prince Leonard 's eventual successor as `` heir presumptive '' .

Although actual residents are very few , the principality claims a world-wide citizenry of 13,000 .

Modern scholars have come to question the existence of at least the first nine emperors ; and KÅ rei 's descendant , Emperor Sujin is the first many agree might have actually existed .

In 2006 he was convicted of multiple federal felony charges relating to Enron 's financial collapse , and is currently serving a 24-year , four-month prison sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution in Englewood , Colorado .

Alexander Murray Palmer Haley -LRB- August 11 , 1921 â `` February 10 , 1992 -RRB- was an African-American writer .

Dianthus is a genus of about 300 species of flowering plants in the family Caryophyllaceae , native mainly to Europe and Asia , with a few species extending south to north Africa , and one species -LRB- D. repens -RRB- in arctic North America .

Sonic Firestorm is the second studio album by English power metal band DragonForce , released through Noise Records on May 11 , 2004 .

It quickly became one of the most popular locations in the city , drawing visitors from all over the area .

The M11 motorway in England is a major road running approximately north from the North Circular Road -LRB- A406 -RRB- in South Woodford in north-east London to the A14 , north-west of Cambridge .

Point Hicks , formerly called Cape Everard , is a coastal headland on the eastern coast of Victoria , Australia , located within the Croajingolong National Park .

On June 21 , 2010 , Jonathan Toews of the Chicago Blackhawks was announced as the cover athlete for NHL 11 in North America , marking the first time teammates were selected in consecutive years . -LRB- Chicago winger Patrick Kane was the cover athlete for NHL 10 in North America . -RRB-

Because the Iapetus Ocean was positioned between continental masses that would at a much later time roughly form the opposite shores of the Atlantic Ocean , it can be seen as a sort of precursor of the Atlantic .

Her first appearance on film was a small role in the 1994 feature Camp Nowhere as Gail .

But I have too much anxiety '' .

This film was the first of several collaborations between Sandler and Dugan .

The Parbatya Chattagram Jana Sanghati Samiti -LRB- Bengali : à à 3\/4 à à à à à à à à à à à -- à à à 3\/4 à à à à à à à à à à à à à Parbotto ChÃ á á ogram JÃ noshÃ nghoti Shomiti , or PCJSS , -RRB- is a political party formed to represent the people and indigenous tribes of the Chittagong Hill Tracts in Bangladesh .

Norrington worked as a tenor through the 1960s , and in 1962 founded the SchÃ 1\/4 tz Choir -LRB- later the SchÃ 1\/4 tz Choir of London -RRB- .

It runs north from U.S. Route 9 -LRB- US 9 -RRB- at Poughkeepsie , starting out as Violet Avenue , then follows the Hudson River mostly along the eastern side of the US 9 to Rhinebeck , where the two routes cross just north of the village .

In addition to the core operating system , many embedded systems have additional upper-layer software components .

Sayre is a city in and the county seat of Beckham County , in Western Oklahoma , the United States .

Who , like thyself , my guide and stay can be ?

Thick smoke had filled the room from so many weapons being fired at close quarters , as well as from plaster dust released from the walls by bullets . To allow the haze to clear , the gunmen left the room for some minutes , leaving all the victims behind .

DNA tests were conducted in 1994 on a tissue sample from Anderson located in a hospital and the blood of Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , a grandnephew of Empress Alexandra .

The depression made landfall at St. Catherines Island , Georgia , and moved inland , where it steadily weakened .

Laurence Mancuso -LRB- June 30 , 1934 â `` June 10 , 2007 -RRB- was the founding abbot of the New Skete Eastern Orthodox monastic community in upstate New York .

It is similar to and but assumes negative exponents .

It is located approximately two miles north of the center of Ipswich .

GherceÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,598 people .

Compacted oxide layer glaze describes the often shiny , wear-protective layer of oxide formed when two metals -LRB- or a metal and ceramic -RRB- are slid against each other at high temperature in an oxygen-containing atmosphere .

A not often used definition of glaze is the highly sintered compacted oxide layer formed due to the sliding of either two metallic surfaces -LRB- or sometimes a metal surface and ceramic surface -RRB- at very high temperatures -LRB- normally several hundred degrees Celsius -RRB- in oxidizing conditions .

Baia is a commune in the Suceava County , Romania with a population of 6,793 -LRB- 2002 census -RRB- . It is composed of two villages , Baia and Bogata .

Pietro Umberto Acciarito -LRB- 1871 â `` 1943 -RRB- was an Italian anarchist .

The worst affected areas of Ipswich were the suburbs of Goodna and Gailes .

It is the largest freshwater lake in the world by surface area if Lake Michigan-Huron is counted as two lakes and is the world 's third-largest freshwater lake by volume .

It restrengthened slightly before making its first landfall near BahÃ a Tortugas , Baja California Sur on September 25 .

At landfall , a trough was accelerating Nora northwards , causing it to reach a forward speed of 30 mph -LRB- 50 km\/h -RRB- .

He is the host of The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson , an Emmy Award-nominated , Peabody Award-winning late-night talk show that airs on CBS .

The film ranked number 16 on Entertainment Weeklys list of the 50 Best High School Movies .

linux was made .

When they did , however , they were betrayed by Dume , the Turaga of the city .

Upon his defeat , Makuta released the ancient Bohrok .

The village was threatened by ancient warlords known as Barraki that had been mutated by the nearby mutagenic waters called `` The Pit '' .

The cyclone 's strength continued to fluctuate between tropical depression and tropical storm several times .

He was baptized the same day .

In 1906 , a shoemaker called Wilhelm Voigt masqueraded as a Prussian officer and took over the town hall of KÃ penick .

Elverta is located at -LRB- 38.723216 , -121.45452 -RRB-

With the help of the evangelical theologian Friedrich Ludwig Weidig , he published the leaflet Der Hessische Landbote , a revolutionary pamphlet criticizing social grievances in the Grand Duchy of Hesse .

In October 1836 , after receiving his doctorate and being appointed by the University of Zurich as a lecturer in anatomy , BÃ 1\/4 chner relocated to Zurich where he spent his final months writing and teaching until he died of typhus at the age of twenty-three .

In 1828 he became interested in politics and joined a circle of William Shakespeare aficionados which later on probably became the GieÃ en and Darmstadt section of the `` Gesellschaft fÃ 1\/4 r Menschenrechte '' -LRB- Society for Human Rights -RRB- .

Castorimorpha is the suborder of rodents containing the beavers , the pocket gophers , and the kangaroo rats and mice .

When the two go out , the Countess returns and hides .

For single-note melodies , the stems usually point down for notes on the middle line or higher , and up for those below .

He also writes that prairie dogs have calls for things that are not predators to them .

Following their advice , she attended Brandeis University in Waltham , Massachusetts .

A superscalar processor executes more than one instruction during a clock cycle by simultaneously dispatching multiple instructions to redundant functional units on the processor .

Thales of Miletus -LRB- ; , ThalÄ `` s ; 624 BC â `` c. 546 BC -RRB- was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher from Miletus in Asia Minor , and one of the Seven Sages of Greece .

The word pwn most likely came about as a common typo of the word `` own '' because the `` p '' and `` o '' keys are adjacent on a standard English keyboard .

Tunnels under the River Thames , mainly in and around London .

Monceaux-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

The Cyrillic letter Er was derived from the Greek letter Rho -LRB- Î Ï -RRB- .

First known as `` Lower Crossing '' , Momence was named after a local Potawatomi , Isadore Moness . Momence was first platted by Dr. Hiram Todd in 1846 .

Particularly after his fastball slowed , Young relied upon his control .

That same year , baseball fans named him to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team .

Young left St. Louis and joined the American League 's Boston Americans for a $ 3,500 contract -LRB- $ in current dollar terms -RRB- .

The Flaming Gorge Dam is a concrete thin-arch dam in the Flaming Gorge of the Green River , a major tributary of the Colorado River , in the U.S. state of Utah .

Country blues -LRB- also folk blues , rural blues , backwoods blues , or downhome blues -RRB- refers to all the acoustic , mainly guitar-driven forms of the blues .

The Duchy had been ruled between 1731 and 1736 by his elder brother Charles , but exchanged with Austria for The Two Sicilies after the War of Polish Succession .

All field names used must be in lowercase .

They were married shortly thereafter .

He joined the Peucinian Society , a group of students with Federalist leanings .

According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 44,668 . .

Its county seat is Sayre .

Young was promoted Inspector in June 1937 and appointed to Portsmouth 's Southern Division .

Rather , he was wedded to Sir Robert Peel 's intention that the police be `` filled from the bottom up '' .

ChemazÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .

Charges of the same polarity are repelled and charges of the opposite polarity are attracted .

Rafael `` Rafa '' BenÃ tez Maudes -LRB- born 16 April 1960 -RRB- is a football manager , and former player .

He took a job as an assistant athletic director with the government 's National Youth Administration -LRB- NYA -RRB- in Atascadero , California .

He hit .256 and stole only 12 bases .

In 2002 , Molefi Kete Asante included Robinson on his list of 100 Greatest African Americans .

A child is buried near the door of its mothers hut .

Girls are betrothed at six or seven , and the husband-elect continually makes small presents to his fatherin-law-elect till the bride reaches womanhood .

There are no medicine-men : the women are the doctors .

The Luo women use small beads attached to pieces of brass for ear ornaments .

There are no set methods for ranking institutions in the Philippines . Aside from comparisons in terms of accreditation , autonomy , and centers of excellence awarded by the Commission on Higher Education -LRB- CHED -RRB- , there are attempts to rank schools based on performance in board exams conducted by the Professional Regulation Commission -LRB- PRC -RRB- .

Both the highest and lowest temperature records for the state were set in the Interior , with 100 Â F -LRB- 38 Â C -RRB- in Fort Yukon and â 80 Â F -LRB- â 64 Â C -RRB- in Prospect Creek .

If the weather is cold and wet , and food scarce , it saves energy by going into torpor ; it curls up into a ball and goes to sleep .

Buildings designed by English architect Charles Holden .

Navy blue is a very dark shade of the color blue which almost appears as black .

He returned to play briefly with the Detroit Red Wings when World War II left a vacuum of players in the NHL .

Jarno Trulli -LRB- born July 13 , 1974 in Pescara , Abruzzo -RRB- is an Italian Formula One racing driver .

Kwon Yuri -LRB- born December 5 , 1989 -RRB- also known by her given name Yuri , is a South Korean singer , actress , model , dancer .

The partition , with the power transferred to Pakistan and India on August 14 â `` 15 , 1947 , was done according to what has come to be known as the `` 3 June Plan '' or `` Mountbatten Plan '' .

Following a Hurricanrana by Mysterio on Guerrero , Mysterio pinned Guerrero to win .

LÃ chelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

Courtrizy-et-Fussigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

It was founded on 22 January 2004 .

In 1916 , Ohio State became the first university in Ohio to be extended membership into the Association of American Universities , and remains the only public university in Ohio among the organization 's 60 members .

Bagpuss is a 1974 UK children 's television series , made by Peter Firmin and Oliver Postgate through their company Smallfilms .

The Institution publishes a monthly journal , The Structural Engineer .

In 1838 Sarah wrote a paper titled Letters on the Equality of the Sexes and the Condition of Women which answered many questions which were asked in a letter by a group of ministers who reprimanded the sisters for stepping out of what the ministers called their `` women 's proper sphere . ''

The Dallas Grand Prix was a round of the Formula One World Championship in 1984 before becoming a round of the American Trans-Am Series in 1988 .

Monteith dropped out of school in the ninth grade .

Martin was hurt by McCartney 's actions , but he produced the song and conducted the string section .

Most Urban formatted stations such as ; KJLH , WQOK , KMEL , KDAY , UTN , and WVEE will play gospel music or urban contemporary gospel music on Sundays .

In a dilute aqueous solution , potassium bromide tastes sweet , at higher concentration it tastes bitter , and when most concentrated it tastes salty to humans -LRB- these effects are due mainly to potassium ion ; sodium bromide merely tastes salty at all concentrations -RRB- .

The cremasteric muscle is part of the spermatic cord .

Henry Prize Stories collection .

Zoroastrians believe that there is one universal and transcendent God , Ahura Mazda . He is said to be the one uncreated Creator to whom all worship is ultimately directed .

An alternative way of producing potassium nitrate without a by-product of ammonia is to combine ammonium nitrate and potassium chloride , easily obtained as a sodium-free salt substitute .

Internet Relay Chat -LRB- IRC -RRB- is a form of real-time Internet text messaging -LRB- chat -RRB- or synchronous conferencing .

The list is the same as that used in the 2000 season except for Kirk , which replaced Keith .

Professional page-turners are often freelance casual workers , not associated with any given concert hall or orchestra .

Page-turners are sometimes acquaintances of the performer or members of the accompanying orchestra doing a favor .

Fabio Capello -LRB- born 18 June 1946 -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer and current manager of the England national football team , having started the role in January 2008 .

According to the official government site of the state of ParaÃ ba , the red stands for the blood due to the assassination of JoÃ # o Pessoa ; the black represents the mourning following the assassination .

Damavand County is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .

Attendances during the 2003 -- 04 season , Wimbledon 's last , were higher than those at AFC Wimbledon : Wimbledon averaged 4,751 at the National Hockey Stadium , compared to AFC Wimbledon 's 2,606 .

Socrates turned down the pleas of Crito to attempt an escape from prison .

He played for the Chicago Black Hawks , Oakland Seals , Cleveland Barons , and St. Louis Blues .

Jhal Jhao is an administrative subdivision , -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Awaran District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan .

From time to time , individuals may be admitted to the Order by special statutes .

Eight knights , out of a maximum of twelve , were appointed , but the King was deposed in 1688 .

With the election of Annise Parker in 2009 , Houston became the largest city in the United States to have an openly gay mayor .

Livingstone moved to make all bus journeys free for passengers under the age of 18 enrolled in full-time education who travel with an Oyster card and introduced initiatives to enable visitors to buy an Oyster card before arriving in London .

On 7 December 2006 , at a City Hall reception marking the launch of the London Jewish Forum , Livingstone apologised for any offence that he had caused the Jewish community .

Liberal Democrat Leader Dee Doocey stated that the payments were â completely inexcusableâ and added that â It seems like there 's one law for the ordinary working person and one law for the political class .

Freeson was able to retain his seat at the 1983 general election , but was deselected in 1985 after a bitter struggle , described as `` political ` murder ' '' in his Guardian obituary , and replaced as Labor candidate in Brent East by Livingstone .

Siegfried recollects his awakening of BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde and dies .

In 1972 , the formula was changed to increase power by permitting 2.0 L production-based enginesâ '' Cosworth BDs and BMW four-cylinder engines dominated the early years , with BMW-powered Marches gradually establishing dominance .

The Indus river passes from north to south on the western side of the district and touches Dera Ghazi Khan .

Her father was in the public service , so her family relocated often .

All the land in England higher than three thousand feet above sea level lies within the National Park , including Scafell Pike , the highest mountain in England .

Buchs is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

Adits are driven into the side of a hill or mountain , and are often used when an ore body is located inside the mountain but above the adjacent valley floor or coastal plain .

The lower regions and larger towns of the Alps are well served by motorways and main roads , but higher passes and by-roads can be treacherous even in summer .

In 2004 , the University of Washington Information School completed fund-raising for the Beverly Cleary Endowed Chair for Children and Youth Services to honor her work and commitment to librarianship .

The edible dormouse or fat dormouse -LRB- Glis glis -RRB- is a large dormouse and the only living species in the genus Glis .

Silicon Valley is also home to the high-tech superstore retail chain Fry 's Electronics .

In 1994 , she received the Right Livelihood Award -LRB- also known as the Alternative Nobel Prize -RRB- , '' ... For her commitment to justice , non-violence and understanding of minorities as well as her love and caring for nature . ''

Maula Jat -LRB- Punjabi : Ù

Branchiopoda is a class of crustaceans .

Maia Chiburdanidze -LRB- ; born January 17 , 1961 -RRB- is a Georgian chess grandmaster , and the seventh -LRB- and then youngest -RRB- Women 's World Chess Champion .

Heungseon Daewongun -LRB- í ì ë ì ê , 1820 - 1898 -RRB- or The Daewongun -LRB- ë ì ê -RRB- , or formally Heungseon Heonui Daewonwang -LRB- í ì í -- ì ë ì ì -RRB- and also known to period western diplomats as Prince Gung , was the title of Yi Ha-eung , regent of Joseon during the minority of King Gojong in the 1860s and until his death a key political figure of late Joseon Korea .

Goebel was known as the `` Quad King '' because of his ability to land quadruple jumps .

Goebel was adopted through Catholic Charities by Ginny and Richard Goebel as an infant .

The cheese is named after the city of Gouda in the Netherlands , but its name is not protected .

The arena was built in 1949 and features an Olympic-sized ice pad of 200 ' X 100 ' .

Nobuki Hara -LRB- born 6 September 1979 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

Eighteen years earlier , Mme . Duval had broken off her relationship with her daughter Caroline , Evelina 's mother , and has never acknowledged Evelina .

He played for Brazil national team .

Players can also pick up weapons such as poles and gatling guns , along with lootable items , money , and power-ups which can be found inside crates that are scattered all throughout the playing environment .

Avant-l Ã s-Ramerupt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .

Hokuto Nakamura -LRB- born July 10 , 1985 in Nagasaki -RRB- is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club F.C. Tokyo .

When using the location_map , lat and long parameters , you can easily replace the map with another that has a closer or looser perspective .

Ferit Orhan Pamuk -LRB- born 7 June 1952 -RRB- , generally known simply as Orhan Pamuk , is a Turkish novelist .

I am also a tenured professor of theology ; feel free to have a look at my Wikipedia user page -LRB- linked below -RRB- to gain an idea of my background and credentials . ''

He also worked with the Komische Oper of East Berlin .

A local government district called Argyll and Bute was formed in the Strathclyde region , including most of Argyll and the Isle of Bute .

A key feature of RC5 is the use of data-dependent rotations ; one of the goals of RC5 was to prompt the study and evaluation of such operations as a cryptographic primitive .

Laniscourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

Heredity is the passing of traits to offspring -LRB- from its parent or ancestors -RRB- .

The district includes the `` Five Towns '' of Normanton , Pontefract , Featherstone , Castleford and Knottingley .

Floppy disks are also , unlike hard disks , handled and seen ; even a novice user can identify a floppy disk . Because of all these factors , the image of the floppy disk has become a metaphor for saving data , and the floppy disk symbol is -LRB- as of 2011 -RRB- still used by software on buttons and other user interface elements related to saving files , even though such disks are obsolete .

Highbury & Islington station is a London Underground and National Rail station in the London Borough of Islingtonin north London .

On May 18 , with little warning , a second earthquake , of magnitude 5.1 , triggered a massive collapse of the north face of the mountain .

Orchard Grass Hills is a city in Oldham County , Kentucky , United States .

In 2001 â `` 2002 , 52 % of the Murray and Murrumbidgee water runoff was diverted , 77 % of which was used for irrigation .

The ducks appear one or two at a time , and the player is given three shots to shoot them down .

The naturalised , German-born Jacques Mieses was awarded the GM title in 1950 , while Keith Richardson had been awarded the GM title for correspondence chess earlier in the 1970s .

They discover Mr. Tumnus has been taken by the Witch 's secret police and meet Mr. and Mrs. Beaver who tell them about Aslan .

Rudd is a city in Floyd County , Iowa , United States .

An easy method for preparing potassium manganate in the laboratory involves heating crystals or powder of pure potassium permanganate .

Those whose grave sites these were placed at usually died at a very young age or in a violent manner , and the tablet was supposed to help lay their souls to rest in spite of their untimely deaths .

A curse tablet or binding spell -LRB- defixio in Latin , Î Î Ï Î Î Î Ï Î 1\/4 Î Ï katadesmos in Greek -RRB- is a type of curse found throughout the Graeco-Roman world , in which someone would ask the gods to do harm to others .

Similar tracing techniques have allowed obsidian to be identified in Greece also as coming from Melos , Nisyros or Yiali , islands in the Aegean Sea .

With the arrival of TOPS they were renumbered to Class 46 .

Aleksandr Vladimirovich Mostovoi -LRB- ; born August 22 , 1968 -RRB- is a retired Russian footballer , who played as an attacking midfielder .

On December 28 , 2010 , he was traded to the Montreal Canadiens for second-round pick in the 2011 draft and conditional 5th round pick in the 2012 draft .

At the end of the year , he entered the Formula BMW World Final with Fortec Motorsport where he finished in fifth position , fourteen seconds off winner Christian Vietoris .

In some scores , the A minor key signature in the bass clef is written with the flat for the F on the second line from the top .

A national language may for instance represent the national identity of a nation or country .

The most powerful and budgetary tools of earthquake engineering are vibration control technologies and , in particular , base isolation .

Potato pancakes called raggmunk contain shredded raw potato , and may contain other vegetables -LRB- sometimes the pancake batter is omitted , producing rÃ rakor -RRB- .

The Districts of Pakistan are the second order administrative divisions of Pakistan .

Marin Marais married a Parisian , Catherine d'Amicourt , on September 21 , 1676 .

Rhythmic gymnastics is a sport that combines elements of ballet , gymnastics , dance , and apparatus manipulation .

Pietro Perugino -LRB- 1446 â `` 1524 -RRB- , born Pietro Vannucci , was the leading painter of the Umbrian school , who developed some of the qualities that found classic expression in the High Renaissance .

The shelf usually ends at a point of increasing slope -LRB- called the shelf break -RRB- .

It also holds the currently tallest free standing floodlights in Scottish football , standing at 85 feet .

The first allotments in the town were sold in 1840 .

In the show , viewers can see Fielding and paranormal experts investigating various supposedly haunted locations around Britain , in the hopes that paranormal activity may be documented by the crew .

Mountains cover about 80 % of the oblast 's area , and cross from North-East to South-East .

The piece of Voldemort 's soul within Harry was destroyed through Voldemort 's first killing curse with the Elder Wand because Harry willingly faced death .

In addition , wizard rock bands like Harry and the Potters and others regularly dress up in the style of Harry Potter , sporting painted forehead scars , black wigs , and round bottle top glasses .

Fusarium wilt is a soil-borne fungal disease that will quickly kill younger basil plants .

Hayy ibn Yaqdhan an Islamic philosophical tale -LRB- or thought experiment -RRB- by Ibn Tufail from 12th-century Andalusia , straddles the divide between the religious and the secular .

His bold experimentation with coloring led directly to the Synthetist style of modern art while his expression of the inherent meaning of the subjects in his paintings , under the influence of the cloisonnist style , paved the way to Primitivism and the return to the pastoral .

In the spring of 632 , a grandson of Khosrau I who had lived in hiding , Yazdegerd III , ascended the throne .

The Sassanid Empire , which succeeded the Parthian Empire , was recognized as one of the two main powers in Western Asia and Europe , alongside the Roman Empire and its successor , the Byzantine Empire , for a period of more than 400 years .

Also according to al-Din Genghis 's Borjigid clan , had a legend involving their origins : it began as the result of an affair between Alan-ko and a stranger to her land , a glittering man who happened to have red hair and bluish-green eyes .

The national football team of Iran represents Iran in international football competitions and is controlled by the Football Federation Islamic Republic of Iran .

Back in Harlem in 1925 , Basie got his first steady job at Leroy 's , a place known for its piano players and its `` cutting contests . ''

She is sometimes referred to as the Steel Butterfly or the Iron Butterfly .

Youssef Rzouga is a Tunisian poet , born on March 21 , 1957 in Mahdia , Tunisia .

2000 : National merit award in the cultural field 2002 : Youssef Rzouga Award of Poetry -LRB- A yearly Poetic Prize started in 2002 , awarded to the best young poet within the framework of Â `` The Meeting of Greater on literary creation Â '' -RRB- .

His first published text was `` Something called need , '' a short story in the magazine Radio et TÃ lÃ vision -LRB- 1973 -RRB- .

Early on the morning of February 21 , 1974 , Horton was driving on the Queen Elizabeth Way from Toronto to his home in Buffalo after the Sabres had played in Toronto the night before , in his De Tomaso Pantera sports car , a gift from Sabres ' GM George `` Punch '' Imlach .

Mangu and sancocho are two signature dishes that involve the plantain .

The city is considered part of the south side by residents of Los Angeles .

Often referred to as Sega 's answer to Shigeru Miyamoto , he has been responsible for the creation of many of Sega 's most important arcade games such as Hang-On , Out Run , After Burner II , Virtua Fighter , Daytona USA and Virtua Cop as well as the Shenmue series for the Dreamcast .

Ashley Michelle Tisdale -LRB- born July 2 , 1985 -RRB- is an American actress and singer who rose to prominence portraying the candy-counter girl Maddie Fitzpatrick in Disney Channel 's The Suite Life of Zack & Cody and the female antagonist Sharpay Evans in the High School Musical film series .

Bedford is located at .

The host controller directs traffic flow to devices , so no USB device can transfer any data on the bus without an explicit request from the host controller . In USB 2.0 , the host controller polls the bus for traffic , usually in a round-robin fashion .

The Deccan Traps of central India , the Siberian Traps , and the Columbia River Plateau of western North America are three regions covered by prehistoric flood basalts .

The priority for Â `` ArabinformÂ '' is to monitor the socio-political and socio-economic situation of the Arab countries and the region as a whole .

The most successful single is `` Candle in the Wind 1997 '' by Elton John .

Prior to development of the San Joaquin Valley that began in the 1850s by American settlers , the San Joaquin River and its tributaries tended to flood the valley in the winter months .

Examples of edible animal fats are lard , fish oil , and butter or ghee .

In 1838 he played many games with Captain Evans , inventor of the Evans Gambit , and also lost a match against the German chess writer Aaron Alexandre .

These use electrical switching devices -LRB- thyristors and transistors -RRB- and have electronic power control .

This included the DC -LRB- third\/fourth rail -RRB- lines in North London , Merseyside and Greater Manchester .

Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories is considered the second game in the series .

SK Rapid Wien was founded in 1898 -LRB- en : First Workers ' Football Club of Vienna -RRB- .

In October 2008 , Leathermouth signed to Epitaph Records as opposed to Frank Iero 's label as originally planned .

Leyment is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

At a higher elevation is the Bucegi Plateau , where wind and rain have turned the rocks into spectacular figures such as the Sphinx and Babele .

In January 2008 , the United States Department of Transportation ruled that passengers on board commercial aircraft could carry lithium batteries in their checked baggage if the batteries are installed in a device . Types of batteries affected by this rule are those containing lithium , including Li-ion , lithium polymer , and lithium cobalt oxide chemistries .

The company formerly made scuba diving rebreathers .

The current constituency covers the area of South Shields in the South Tyneside district of Tyne and Wear .

Boundary changes at the 2010 general election have transferred the community of Whitburn into the South Shields constituency from the neighbouring Jarrow seat .

Selenium is a chemical element with the atomic number 34 , represented by the chemical symbol Se , an atomic mass of 78.96 .

The history of such attempts is described in Rice and Hostert -LRB- 1993 -RRB- .

PerÃ n died in office in 1974 .

These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of `` Goodies '' .

Samson is a city in Geneva County , Alabama , United States .

He established and conducted the monastery choir until 1896 when he went to Berlin , enrolled the Kaiser Friedrich Wilhelm University and studied music at the private conservatory of Prof. Richard Schmidt .

Several mid-size European cities and many smaller towns around the world have converted their entire bus networks to zero-fare .

Roads often have a designated footpath for pedestrian traffic , called the sidewalk in American English and the pavement in British English .

The assault rifle , a late war development incorporating many features of the rifle and submachine gun , became the standard postwar infantry weapon for most armed forces .

Thomas Heatherwick has been awarded honorary doctorates from four British universities â `` Sheffield Hallam , Brighton , Dundee and Manchester Metropolitan University - his alma mater - on 21 July 2007 in recognition of his design work across a broad spectrum of architecture , engineering and public art , achieving national and international acclaim for his innovative use of materials , his eclectic range of projects , and the resolution of them in new and exciting ways .

The sixth season extensively details the Democratic and Republican primaries .

The first season proper saw the return of all of the pilot production team along with the addition of Ron Osborn and Jeff Reno as consulting producers and Rick Cleveland as a second co-producer with Robert W. Glass as an associate producer .

Galileo initially called his discovery the Cosmica Sidera -LRB- `` Cosimo 's stars '' -RRB- , in honor of Cosimo II de ' Medici -LRB- 1590 â `` 1621 -RRB- .

More importantly , the discovery of celestial bodies orbiting something other than the Earth dealt a blow to the then-accepted Ptolemaic world system , which held that the Earth was at the center of the universe and all other celestial bodies revolved around it .

The last Merrie Melodies cartoon was also the last released by Warner Bros. . Cartoons as part of the original series begun in the 1930s .

She is best known to modern audiences for her television roles as Sue Ann Nivens on The Mary Tyler Moore Show and Rose Nylund on The Golden Girls .

These , along with his control of the plasmid industry , made him immensely powerful .

Thin Lizzy are an Irish hard rock band formed in Dublin in 1969 .

Lakes tint by dispersion .

; introduction : Date the aircraft entered or will enter military or revenue service ; retired : Date the aircraft left military or revenue service .

The Strait has been the theater for several military confrontations between the China and Taiwan since the last days of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 when the Kuomintang -LRB- KMT -RRB- forces led by Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek retreated across the Strait and relocated its government on its final stronghold of Taiwan .

To this day , about 300 species native to the Red Sea have been identified in the Mediterranean Sea , and there are probably others yet unidentified .

The name `` Saitama '' originally comes from the Sakitama -LRB- å 1\/4 ç é -RRB- district of what is now the city of GyÅ da in the northern part of what is now known as Saitama Prefecture .

Xena : Warrior Princess has been credited by many , including Buffy the Vampire Slayer creator Joss Whedon , with blazing the trail for a new generation of female action heroes such as Buffy , Max of Dark Angel , Nikita of La Femme Nikita , Sydney Bristow of Alias , the Charmed Ones of Charmed and the Bride in Quentin Tarantino 's Kill Bill .

The movie plot involves Hercules ' mother being kidnapped by Zeus and the release of the Titans .

The tradition of tsukkomi and boke is often used in other Japanese comedy , although it may not be as obviously portrayed as it usually is in manzai .

The Orlando Greyhound Station is located west of Downtown Orlando .

Using a carefully bundled group of these DNA threads and keeping them hydrated , Wilkins and a graduate student Raymond Gosling obtained x-ray photographs of DNA that showed that the long , thin DNA molecule in the sample from Signer had a regular , crystal-like structure in these threads . This initial x-ray diffraction work at Kings College was done in May or June 1950 .

He was joined in the Great Britain Test side by Quins teammate Paul Sykes .

A harness is used to secure a person to a piece of rope or an anchor point .

The conversion of nitrogen -LRB- N2 -RRB- from the atmosphere into a form readily available to plants and hence to animals and humans is an important step in the nitrogen cycle , which distributes the supply of this essential nutrient . There are four ways to convert N2 -LRB- atmospheric nitrogen gas -RRB- into more chemically reactive forms :

It is definitely not what Lamarck believed -LRB- for Lamarck , a change in habits is what changes the animal -RRB- .

Radar signals passing near a massive object take slightly longer to travel to a target and longer to return than it would if the mass of the object were not present .

The family includes about 50 genera and 550 species , with a pantropical distribution ; one genus -LRB- Toona -RRB- extends north into temperate China and south into southeast Australia , and another -LRB- Melia -RRB- nearly as far north .

Rodin was sensitive of the controversy surrounding his work , but refused to change his style .

Weeki Wachee is a city located in Hernando County , Florida , United States .

See also : List of symphonies in G minor .

Keith and Mitchell were tied 3-3 at Tribal Council and in a Tribal Council countback Keith had no previous votes , but Mitchell had one ; therefore , he was eliminated .

Such beneficial plasmids may be considered bacterial endosymbionts .

Saint-Ciers-d ` Abzac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .

Coweta is a city in Wagoner County , Oklahoma , United States and is a suburb of Tulsa .

She then fell to # 28 Sorana CÃ rstea in the second round .

A collection of Mother and EarthBound was released in Japan under the title Mother 1 + 2 .

The Province of Lucca is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .

Me & My Katamari is a video game on the PSP platform . It is the third game in the Katamari Damacy series , the first game on a portable system and the first game produced without the involvement of series creator Keita Takahashi .

Sense of smell : Frisch discovered that bees can distinguish various blossoming plants by their scent , and that each bee is â flower constantâ .

The match was to be held in Pasadena , California , but the Soviet Chess Federation protested -LRB- possibly because Korchnoi was a defector and the match was in the cold-war enemy 's back yard , and because of the soon-to-be-announced Soviet decision to boycott the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles -RRB- , and Kasparov was not allowed to fly there to play the match .

Most of the land is considered within the Alps -LRB- Lepontine Alps -RRB- , but a small area is part of the plain of the River Po which drains the north of Italy .

Nelson Mandela announced the formation of this new group , The Elders , in a speech he delivered on the occasion of his 89th birthday .

Labastide-Villefranche is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .

Cold War Kids are an American indie rock band from Long Beach , California .

Choi Jin-Cheul -LRB- born March 26 , 1971 -RRB- is a South Korean football player , who played for the K-League team Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors .

