For this reason , King 's alumni are referred to as ` Non Resident Members ' .

Public buildings and spaces would come to dominate the city .

Green played for the BC Lions , Washington Redskins , St. Louis Rams , Kansas City Chiefs and Miami Dolphins .

Deanston is a village in the district of Stirling , Scotland , on the south bank of the River Teith , formerly of West Perthshire .

JosÃ Manuel Ochotorena Santacruz -LRB- born 16 January 1961 in San SebastiÃ n , Gipuzkoa -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .

Although today Ivanovici is chiefly remembered for his waltz Waves of the Danube , Donauwellen in German , in his lifetime he composed over 350 dances , and his works were published by over sixty publishing houses throughout the world .

Older banyan trees are characterized by their Aerial prop roots that grow into thick woody trunks which , with age , can become indistinguishable from the main trunk .

Family Ter Hachatrjan felt under the repression of NKVD in 1937 .

However these plants are threatened by a number of processes including land clearing , frequent burning and disease , and a number of species are rare and endangered .

It is believed oceanic anoxic events are strongly linked to lapses in key oceanic current circulations , to climate warming and greenhouse gases .

Alcock was born at Beverley in Yorkshire , son of Sir William Alcock , Burgess of Kingston upon Hull and educated at Cambridge .

Carp , along with many of their cyprinid relatives , are popular ornamental aquarium and pond fish . The two most notable ornamental carps are goldfish and koi .

Turner is a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee , and two of her recordings , `` River Deep - Mountain High '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and `` Proud Mary '' -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , are in the Grammy Hall of Fame .

The Itty bitty machine company was one of the few retail stores to sell the original Apple I computer .

A `` populite '' culture might mark the first step toward realization of Jean-Francois Lyotard 's `` game of perfect information '' where all have equal access to the world of data , and where '' -LRB- g -RRB- iven equal competence -LRB- no longer in the acquisition of knowledge , but in its production -RRB- , what extra performativity depends on in the final analysis is ` imagination , ' which allows one either to make a new move or change the rules of the game . ''

Version 4 of iTunes introduced the iTunes Store , then named the iTunes Music Store , from which iTunes users can buy and download songs for use on a limited number of computers and an unlimited number of iPods .

Eugene Alan `` Gene '' Snisky -LRB- born January 14 , 1970 -RRB- is a professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Snitsky , who is best known for his time spent with World Wrestling Entertainment .

Lucimar Ferreira da Silva -LRB- born 8 May 1978 -RRB- , commonly known as LÃ cio , is a Brazilian football defender who currently plays for Italian Serie A club Internazionale and the Brazilian national team .

There are 70,000 new AIDS orphans a year .

It is estimated that it destroyed the homes of 70,000 of the City 's 80,000 inhabitants .

Hofmann became director of the natural products department at Sandoz and continued studying hallucinogenic substances found in Mexican mushrooms and other plants used by the aboriginal people .

The first edition of the F.A.Z. appeared on November 1 , 1949 ; its founding editor was Erich Welter .

Bladen County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .

The male then guards the eggs until they hatch .

The film stars BeyoncÃ Knowles , Mos Def , Rah Digga , Wyclef Jean , Mekhi Phifer , Da Brat , Joy Bryant , Jermaine Dupri and Lil ' Bow Wow .

Around 200 BC , in his attempt to finally subjugate Armenia , Seleucian king Antiochus III conquered both Greater Armenia and Sophene , installing Armenian generals Artaxias I and Zariadres as governors-strategoses respectively in each kingdom .

Kilkenny Borough Council , Formerly Kilkenny Corporation used to have a Sovereign and Council of Twelve , but these have since been replaced by a Mayor and Councillors .

He is best known for his book Anarchy , State , and Utopia -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , a libertarian answer to John Rawls 's A Theory of Justice -LRB- 1971 -RRB- .

The word literally means `` speaker '' , but may be translated into English as `` king '' .

After the Commonwealth Games , extensive work was carried out on the stadium to convert it for use as a football stadium .

In 1996 , the planned stadium competed with Wembley Stadium to gain funding to become the national stadium , but the money was used to redevelop Wembley .

Brawl due to an unintentional leak .

During the weekend , the US sent into China two U.S. Air Force C-17 's carrying supplies , which included tents and generators .

The project 's famous Fish Mouth was cracked but not severely damaged otherwise .

About 2,000 troops have been allocated to Zipingpu , trying to release the pressure through spillway .

Satyagraha theory influenced Nelson Mandela 's struggle in South Africa under apartheid , Martin Luther King , Jr. 's campaigns during the civil rights movement in the United States , and many other social justice and similar movements .

Overall , the median household income rose from $ 33,338 in 1967 to an all-time high of $ 44,922 in 1999 , and has since decreased slightly to $ 43,318 .

Prussian troops began mobilizing , culminating in the October 1806 Battle of Jena-Auerstedt , which was a disaster for Prussia , as the ability of its armed forces to continue the war were effectively wiped out .

Nevertheless , some argue that the lunar sample data do not require a cataclysmic cratering event near 3.9 Ga , and that the apparent clustering of impact melt ages near this time is an artifact of sampling material affected by a single large impact basin .

For the best-fit `` snowman '' model , the density is found to be 1.8 Â 0.2 g\/cm Â , giving a porosity of the order of 20 % , and possibly indicating that the main components are fractured solid bodies , but that the asteroid is rather not a rubble pile .

Craig Leo Stansberry -LRB- born March 8 , 1982 in Dammam , Saudi Arabia -RRB- is a Major League Baseball third baseman who is currently in the San Diego Padres organization .

In early years , however , shogi was written è æ # -LRB- the same as Xiangqi , `` elephant chess '' -RRB- .

Hurricane Keith began as a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on September 16 .

The term `` flora '' comes from Latin language Flora , the goddess of flowers in Roman mythology .

The United States Department of Justice -LRB- often referred to as the Justice Department or DOJ -RRB- , is the United States federal executive department responsible for the enforcement of the law and administration of justice , equivalent to the justice or interior ministries of other countries .

The killer crashes the car , killing the detectives and knocking the killer unconscious . Sidney and her roommate , Hallie -LRB- Elise Neal -RRB- , narrowly escape the wreckage of the car by squeezing past the unconscious killer in the front seat .

The Red Army Faction -LRB- German : Rote Armee Fraktion -RRB- , shortened to RAF and in its early stages commonly known as Baader-Meinhof Group , was one of postâ `` World War 2 Germany 's most violent and prominent left wing terror groups .

Michio Yasuda -LRB- born November 10 , 1949 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

The City of Delta Junction sits on the Delta River at the intersection of the Richardson Highway and the famed Alaska Highway -LRB- actually , the end of the Alaska Highway -RRB- . The city and Delta community lie within the fertile Tanana River valley .

Cast and jacketed bullets are also commercially available from numerous manufacturers for hand loading and are much more convenient than casting bullets from bulk lead .

The show is set in the 1870s in Deadwood , South Dakota , before and after the area 's annexation by the Dakota Territory .

The population was 26,200 at the 2000 census .

Containers range from disposable mass produced to hand crafted lacquerware .

The IPO was founded by violinist BronisÅ aw Huberman in 1936 , at a time when many Jewish musicians were being fired from European orchestras .

In Super Mario RPG , Mario , Bowser , Princess Toadstool , Mallow , and Geno fight as allies in the first console role-playing game -LRB- RPG -RRB- in the Mario series . It contains token similarities to many other Square role-playing games such as Chrono Trigger and the Final Fantasy series with a story and action-based gameplay based on the Super Mario Bros. series .

Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars , often shortened and officially known in Japan as Super Mario RPG , is an action role-playing game developed by Square -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- and published by Nintendo .

In late 2007 the song `` Keys to the City '' was released by Ministry & Co Conspirators as a gift to the Blackhawks organization .

Judith Weir CBE , -LRB- born 11 May 1954 in Cambridge , England of Scottish parents -RRB- is a British composer .

In relation to obstacles , he sequences tricks , mixes flip tricks with grinds and board slides . In the video , Mullen introduced two newly invented tricks , the Kickflip Underflip and the Casper slide .

Finally , the character æ '' -LRB- pinyin : qi -RRB- , which stands for air , is shown with å ' -LRB- pinyin : he -RRB- , which means peace and harmony .

His final U.S. Army post was as the 34th Chief of Staff of the Army -LRB- 1999 â `` 2003 -RRB- .

For these features , an external USB drive is required .

Their most characteristic features are their large cheek pouches , from which the word `` pocket '' in their name derives .

As of 2011 , it is the longest running continuously published magazine of that genre .

The land bordering the Gulf is generally flat and low-lying .

Thankful is the debut album by American singer Kelly Clarkson , released in the United States by RCA on April 15 , 2003 -LRB- see 2003 in music -RRB- .

The Upper Grand Coulee was dammed and turned into Banks Lake .

Bob Jones University -LRB- BJU -RRB- is a private , non-denominational Protestant university in Greenville , South Carolina .

UCL 's main campus is located in the Bloomsbury area of Central London , with a number of institutes and teaching hospitals located elsewhere in Central London .

The Francis turbine , named for him , is the first modern water turbine .

Many species are critically endangered .

James Rodney Richard -LRB- born March 7 , 1950 -RRB- is a former right-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played his entire career , from 1971 to 1980 , with the Houston Astros .

Together with Kiviuq and Siarnaq , Paaliaq displays light-red colors and similar infrared spectrum , further supporting the thesis of a possible common origin of the Inuit group in the break-up of a larger body .

Mesa Power , a company controlled by former Texas oilman , T. Boone Pickens , planned to build the world 's largest wind farm , called the Pampa Wind Project , as part of the Pickens Plan .

In the show 's intended demographics , Aang has been received exceptionally well .

When Aang has a vision of Katara being in danger , he leaves the Air Temple where he is being taught before the seventh chakra is opened , locking it .

Princess Anne County was to last from 1691 to 1963 , over 250 years .

Kalamazoo is home to Kalamazoo Valley Community College , Davenport University , and Kalamazoo Area Mathematics and Science Center -LRB- KAMSC -RRB- .

The costs involved are quite substantial .

Bridge to Terabithia was released theatrically in the U.S. and Canada on February 16 , 2007 .

Despite the critical acclaim , not all reviews were as positive .

The New York Times critic Jeannette Catsoulis believed that the fantasy was kept in the background `` to find magic in the everyday '' , and thought CsupÃ directed `` like someone intimate with the pain of being different , allowing each personality more than a single characteristic '' .

What are portals ?

It has whorled spikes of reddish-green flowers , which bloom in summer , becoming purplish .

Adrienne Koch and Harry Ammon , examining Jefferson 's later writing , conclude that Madison had a significant role `` in softening Jefferson 's more extreme views . ''

Le Girouard is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .

Urban75 -LRB- also sometimes referred to as u75 or urban -RRB- is a website and messageboard based in Brixton , England .

Surveying or land surveying is the technique and science of accurately determining the terrestrial or three-dimensional position of points and the distances and angles between them .

Moutiers-les-Mauxfaits is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .

Many problems are actually from each user 's PC setup or browser , such as pressing F5 -LRB- before edit-preview -RRB- and losing all edit-text -LRB- see below : Browser nightmares -RRB- .

Kazuyoshi Mikami -LRB- born 29 August 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

His first experience with conducting came in 1979 with the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra , though he still thought of himself principally as a composer ; in fact , Salonen has said that the primary reason he took up conducting was to ensure that someone would conduct his own compositions .

Elena Olegovna Bovina -LRB- born March 10 , 1983 , Moscow , Russia -RRB- is a Russian professional female tennis player .

Grandchamp-le-Ch Ã cents teau is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

Pierluigi Casiraghi -LRB- born 4 March 1969 -RRB- is an Italian former footballer who played as a striker .

It was also believed that the residents of the Faery realm were incapable of producing fire themselves ; embers of bonfires would be carried to the underworld and tended there .

In efforts to protect the remaining population , three potoroos -LRB- one male and two females -RRB- were translocated to Bald Island in August 2005 where they are free from predation .

Since that time an additional four potoroos have been sent to establish a breeding colony .

In it one sees four doves perched on the edge of a basin filled with water .

They represented divinities as well as subjects from contemporary life .

Italian constructor Dallara built the 2010 cars in Parma , which used Cosworth engines .

Hispania recorded its first double finish at the with Chandhok finishing in front of Senna , albeit 3 and 4 laps down respectively .

Maiellaro provides the voice of Err the Mooninite on Aqua Teen Hunger Force , as well as various characters for the other Adult Swim shows he 's involved with . When voice acting on Aqua Teen Hunger Force , he is sometimes credited as `` The Amazing Voice of Matt Maiellaro . ''

However , because the basso continuo is usually made up of at least two instruments -LRB- typically a cello or bass viol and a keyboard instrument such as the harpsichord -RRB- , trio sonatas are typically performed by at least four musicians .

by Cee Lo Green .

He also co-wrote the hits `` Right Round '' by Flo Rida featuring Kesha , `` Wavin ' Flag '' by K ` naan , and `` Fuck You ! ''

The Festival Hall dates to the 19th century and is now used solely for the Bayreuth Festival . Only works by Richard Wagner are put on .

Harvey is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States , near Chicago .

The National Hurricane Center upgraded the system to Tropical Depression Two in the morning hours of July 3 after the system was able to maintain convection over its center for at least 12 hours .

Six hours after becoming a depression , it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha , the second named storm of the season .

It became fully tropical the next day and was reclassified as Tropical Storm Laura .

Subtropical storms are not included in season totals , and thus values accrued while Laura was subtropical are not included in its ACE total .

Sapienic acid is a sebum fatty acid that is unique to humans .

Mikhail Bulgakov was born on May 15 , 1891 in Kiev , at that time in the Russian Empire .

The person who anticipates receiving messages first creates both a public key and an associated private key , and publishes the public key .

The parameter may contain templates , images , etc. , if a block needs to be wrapped in this template and contains such elements .

Naoki Chiba is a Japanese former footballer who played for Vegalta Sendai .

Crash Bandicoot : The Huge Adventure -LRB- Crash Bandicoot XS in Europe -RRB- , Crash Bandicoot 2 : N-Tranced , Crash Nitro Kart and Crash Bandicoot Purple : Ripto 's Rampage -LRB- Crash Bandicoot Fusion in Europe -RRB- have all been developed by Vicarious Visions . Crash Tag Team Racing , Crash of the Titans and Crash : Mind Over Mutant were developed by Radical Entertainment and Crash Boom Bang !

Foods that have a best before date are usually safe to eat after the date has passed , although they are likely to have deteriorated either in flavor , texture , appearance or nutrition .

The Montreal Wanderers were a Canadian amateur , and later becoming a professional men 's ice hockey team .

He would also play with the Toronto Maple Leafs , Chicago Black Hawks , and New York Rangers .

It was angled at 30 degrees and supported by five 25 m long , tapered steel legs which connected to the spikes 22 m above the ground .

At that time the sculpture was closed off to the public , and the junction and pathway near the sculpture were temporarily closed .

They can also be eaten raw , though this is not recommended for people who may be especially susceptible to salmonella , such as the elderly , the infirm , or pregnant women .

Knol is a Google project that aims to include user-written articles on a range of topics .

The Caribbean saw the beginnings of decolonization , while on the largest island the Cuban Revolution introduced Cold War rivalries into Latin America .

Shigemaru Takenokoshi -LRB- February 15 , 1906 -- October 6 , 1980 -RRB- was a Japanese football player and manager .

While the name ` Oakwell ' generally refers to the main stadium , it also includes several neighbouring venues which form the facilities of the Barnsley F.C. academy â `` an indoor training pitch , a smaller stadium with seating on the south and west sides for around 2,200 spectators , and several training pitches used by the different Barnsley FC squads .

He coined the term `` rhythm and blues '' , and was integral in signing and\/or producing many of the biggest acts of the last 50 years , including Ray Charles , the Allman Brothers , Chris Connor , Aretha Franklin , Led Zeppelin , Wilson Pickett , Dusty Springfield and Bob Dylan .

In 1937 , Naismith played a role in the formation of the National Association of Intercollegiate Basketball , which later became the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics -LRB- NAIA -RRB- .

In 1613 , Henry Crout , whilst sailing up Dildo Arm , came in contact with the Beothuks , who were residing on Dildo Island at this time .

Tatsuro Kimura -LRB- born 24 June 1984 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

After a few years Roux 's theory was refuted by the studies of his colleague Hans Driesch and later , with more precision , Hans Spemann showed that , as a rule , Driesch 's conclusions were correct , but that results like Roux 's may be obtained after intervention in certain planes .

The name comes from the Thracians , an ancient Indo-European people inhabiting Central , Eastern and Southeastern Europe .

Ned Kelly survived to stand trial , and was sentenced to death by the Irish-born judge Justice Redmond Barry .

This template generates a box for a portal home page .

Samuel Dexter -LRB- May 14 , 1761 - May 4 , 1816 -RRB- was an early American statesman who served both in Congress and in the Presidential Cabinet .

During the collapse of the Qing Dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia declared independence , but had to struggle until 1921 to firmly establish de facto independence from the Republic of China , and until 1945 to gain international recognition .

Schwerin von Krosigk was appointed Minister of Finance by Franz von Papen in 1932 , and continued in that office at the request of President Paul von Hindenburg under Kurt von Schleicher and throughout the period of Nazi rule .

A ship will float even though it may be made of steel -LRB- which is much denser than water -RRB- , because it encloses a volume of air -LRB- which is much less dense than water -RRB- , and the resulting shape has an average density less than that of the water .

It was initially created to ensure clean drinking water supply for the city of Srinagar .

San Juan de la Maguana is the capital city and the largest city in the province of San Juan and is the 10th largest city in the Dominican Republic .

Sainte-Hermine is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .

Rye House railway station is in the Rye House area of Hoddesdon in Hertfordshire , England .

As chair of the Blue Ribbon Committee , he has recommended the prosecution of top government officials of previous administrations in relation to the Expo Pilipino centennial scam and the misuse of the funds of the Retirement and Separation Benefits Systems of the Armed Forces .

Interviews with band members have pointed to differences of opinion in the direction the band should go ; Vowles preferring a hip-hop direction while Robert Del Naja and Daddy G leaned more towards darker electronica themes .

or read ... Brain Cancer is a type of Cancer that spreads throughout your brain .

He became Lieutenant Colonel -LRB- or Podpolkovnik -RRB- of the Soviet Air Force on 12 June 1962 and on 6 November 1963 he received the rank of Colonel -LRB- Polkovnik -RRB- of the Soviet Air Force .

MIT has five schools and one college , containing a total of 32 academic departments , with a strong emphasis on scientific and technological research .

Strasburger was a founder of the famous Lehrbuch der Botanik fÃ 1\/4 r Hochschulen -LRB- Textbook of Botany -RRB- , which first appeared in 1894 .

In Yes Minister , he is the Permanent Secretary for the Department of Administrative Affairs -LRB- a fictional department of the British government -RRB- .

The main event of the night saw Edge putting his World Heavyweight Championship on the line against The Undertaker .

La Villette is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

Lead singer Jerome Anthony `` Little Anthony '' Gourdine was noted for his high-pitched falsetto voice influenced by Jimmy Scott .

River Plate Football Club was a sports club from Uruguay , founded in 1897 in Montevideo , the country 's capital .

Born in Senigallia , Panzini was a student of GiosuÃ Carducci at the University of Bologna .

Asada was not sent to the 2005 World Championships because she was not old enough . At the Junior World Championships , she won with a 20.31 lead over the silver medalist Kim Yu-Na .

Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons , cranes fly with necks outstretched , not pulled back .

For his paper Die Wesensmerkmale der Staatsorganisation in rechtlicher und entwicklungsgeschichtlicher Sicht -LRB- `` Characteristics of State Organization from a Juristic and Developmental-Historical Viewpoint '' -RRB- , in 1964 he was awarded the title of professor , a title of academic distinction in Germany , and taught at the University of Munich until 1966 .

A similar position , called either `` Secretary at War '' or `` Secretary of War , '' was appointed to serve the Congress of the Confederation under the Articles of Confederation between 1781 and 1789 .

Ricardo Faty -LRB- born 4 August 1986 in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges , Val-de-Marne -RRB- is a French Defensive midfielder who currently plays for Aris Thessaloniki .

Stoke-on-Trent is considered to be the home of the pottery industry in England and is commonly known as The Potteries .

It hosts the Annual Ashern Rodeo during the Labor Day weekend , as well as the Ashern Horse Show .

The Yuan was subdivided into 10 chiao -LRB- è ' -RRB- , 100 fen -LRB- å -RRB- or 1000 li -LRB- é -RRB- .

It received city rights in 1249 .

Under Claudius , the empire underwent its first major expansion since the reign of Augustus .

Lent is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

Raine stated in 2002 that `` Innocent '' was one of his favorite songs from Gravity . `` I wrote this song over a year ago and I was originally hesitant to play it for the band , but once we got into the studio and began working with Bob we were able to make it an Our Lady Peace song . ''

MOX fuel , consisting of 7 % plutonium mixed with depleted uranium , is equivalent to uranium oxide fuel enriched to about 4.5 % , assuming that the plutonium has about 60 â `` 65 % .

Arsenic makes arsenic acid with concentrated nitric acid , arsenious acid with dilute nitric acid , and arsenic trioxide with concentrated sulfuric acid .

This belief grew out of opposition to revolutionary socialism , which contends that revolutions are necessary to fundamentally change a society .

Blake Hall station is a disused station in Essex , formerly on the Central Line of the London Underground between North Weald and Ongar .

The 2009 Pacific typhoon season was the period that tropical cyclones formed in the Western Pacific Ocean .

In 1991 , the lettering the car was changed from `` Prizm '' to `` PRIZM '' in italicized and capital letters -LRB- although the steering wheel continued to use `` Prizm '' -RRB- , and the B-pillar and door frames on base models were now body-colored instead of black .

He became only the second actor in the history of the Golden Horse Awards to win the Best Actor Award consecutively .

Darling was initially appointed as Chief Secretary to the Treasury in 1997 , moving to become Secretary of State for Work and Pensions in 1998 . Spending four years at the department , he spent another four years as Secretary of State for Transport , also becoming Secretary of State for Scotland in 2003 .

Loyola University Chicago is a Jesuit private university located in Chicago , Illinois .

`` Flower '' is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden .

There are now many varieties of Brie made all over the world , including plain Brie , herbed varieties , double and triple Brie and versions of Brie made with other types of milk .

It is preceded by erection of the clitoris and moistening of the opening of the vagina .

That is n't true .

She was cautioned by the referee and play continued , with Balukas the ultimate victor with a final score of 9 â `` 5 .

If nobody notices , nothing happens .

In 1186 DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf came under the rule of Berg .

International non-governmental human rights organizations such as Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch , International Service for Human Rights and FIDH monitor what they see as human rights issues around the world and promote their views on the subject . Human Rights organizations have been said to '' `` translate complex international issues into activities to be undertaken by concerned citizens in their own community '' .

The first XHTML Family Markup Languages to be developed with this technique were XHTML 1.1 and XHTML Basic 1.0 .

Ayers is a retired professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago , College of Education .

As Augustus , he would retain the trappings of a restored Republican leader ; however , historians generally view this consolidation of power and the adoption of these honorifics as the end of the Roman Republic and the beginning of the Roman Empire .

In 1925 , Indian River County was created out of the northern part of St Lucie County , while northern Martin County was created from a small part of southeastern St. Lucie County and the northern part of Palm Beach County .

The Union Council has a population of 43,473 .

The metro population is expected to reach 5.12 million by 2020 .

He considers putting Lilo into foster care , but Nani is very much against this idea , as Lilo and she are the only remaining members of her family ; Lilo does not help as she does not understand what may happen .

It was named in October 2002 after Megaclite , mother by Zeus -LRB- Jupiter -RRB- of Thebe and Locrus -LRB- although both of these are assigned a different mother by other authors -RRB- .

He held several senior positions in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I , serving as the commander of Royal Flying Corps in France from 1915 to 1917 .

Massalia has an above-average density for S-type asteroids , similar to the density of silicate rocks .

Currently available in the arcades , the PSP and the PlayStation 3 -LRB- via the PlayStation Network -RRB- Tekken 5 : Dark Resurrection is an update of Tekken 5 .

An alternative to a lens is to line the inside of the eye with '' mirrors '' , and reflect the image to focus at a central point .

Lilongwe is served by Malawi Railways and Axa Bus company , and local buses and minibuses run between Old Town , City Centre , Kamuzu International Airport , and other urban centres , including Mzuzu and Blantyre .

One day Timmy comes across a female field mouse named Jenny , whose parents were two of the lost six mice who tried to escape NIMH but were thought to have died .

In spite of the fact that the document failed to state clearly and specifically exactly what had been given to Tsuburaya in exchange for these rights , Japanese and Thai courts accepted this contract as real and binding because of the supposed hanko of the late Noboru Tsuburaya in the document .

In April 2007 , the Thailand Intellectual Property Court ruled in favor of Tsuburaya Productions , ordering Chaiyo to cease and desist making commercial profits from Chaiyo-produced Ultraman characters such as Millennium , Dark , and Elite .

The Magnolia Panthers compete in -LRB- Arkansas Activities Association Arkansas Activities Association 's -RRB- 5A-Southwest conference . Magnolia is also frequently the lead school in test scores in southwest Arkansas .

Josep Maria Carreras i Coll -LRB- ; born 5 December 1946 -RRB- , better known as JosÃ Carreras , is a Catalan tenor particularly known for his performances in the operas of Verdi and Puccini .

With the exception of the album 's lead single , `` What the Hell '' , Lavigne described the songs on the album as different from her earlier material : `` I 'm older now , so I think that comes across in my music , it 's not as pop-rock '' .

The marriage lasted a little over three years , and in October 2009 , Lavigne filed for divorce .

-LRB- For further information on Alderney concentration camps , see Appendix F : Concentration Camps : EndlÃ sung â `` The Final Solution ; Alderney , a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman ; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people , see -RRB- .

First popularized in the mid 1970s by gastroenterologist Walter L. Voegtlin , this nutritional concept has been promoted and adapted by a number of authors and researchers in several books and academic journals .

The Reverend Sir Robert Peat , the absentee Perpetual Curate of St. Lawrence in Brentford , Middlesex , and one of the many former chaplains to Prince George , Prince Regent -LRB- the future King George IV -RRB- , was recruited by the council as a member of the society .

As the Order of St. John is open to the citizens of sixteen different countries , each with their own system of orders , decorations , and medals , the order 's place of precedence varies from country to country .

In the European Middle Ages , the herb was placed beneath pillows to aid sleep and ward off nightmares .

Since A-flat major was not often chosen as the main key for orchestral works of the 18th Century , passages or movements in the key often retained the timpani settings of the preceding movement .

Ultramega OK is the debut studio album by the American grunge band Soundgarden , released on October 31 , 1988 through SST Records .

Pavel HorvÃ th -LRB- born 22 April 1975 in Prague -RRB- is a Czech footballer who currently plays for FC Viktoria PlzeÅ , as a midfielder .

The random numbers in the keystream then have to be at least between 0 and 25 .

Oxpecker\/mammal interactions are the subject of some debate and ongoing research .

The show is currently not on the air in the United States .

Transfer to the North South Line is provided at Dhoby Ghaut station , East West Line at Outram Park station and Circle Line at Serangoon and Dhoby Ghaut stations .

The types and severity of health risks vary between different styles of hot chocolate . Hot chocolate 's negative effects are mostly due to the high sugar content in most types of beverage .

In some cafes in Belgium and other areas in Europe , one who orders a `` warme chocolade '' or `` chocolat chaud '' would receive a cup of steamed white milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to dissolve in the milk .

In other places , a distinction is made between `` hot cocoa '' , made from powder made by removing most of the rich cocoa butter from the ground cacao beans , and `` hot chocolate '' , made directly from bar chocolate , which already contains cocoa , sugar and cocoa butter .

In the late 17th century , Hans Sloane , president of the Royal College of Physicians , visited Jamaica .

Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .

While Jurassic Park III attempted to address this last oversight by adding quill-like structures around the head of some of its dromaeosaurs , they did not resemble the structure or distribution of actual dromaeosaurid feathers known from fossil remains .

Dromaeosaurids also appear in many of The Land Before Time films , beginning with the third .

Beau blue is a light tone of baby blue .

With the help of a group of crows , Timothy is able to get Dumbo to fly again , using a psychological trick of a `` magic feather '' to boost his confidence .

The island is sometimes referred to as `` Scotland in miniature '' , as it is divided into `` Highland '' and `` Lowland '' areas by the Highland Boundary Fault which runs northeast to southwest across Scotland .

In May 1843 , Wagner toured the Lake Sevan region of Armenia with Armenian writer Khachatur Abovian .

In the show , some characters have the ability to manipulate one of the four classic elements of ancient philosophy : Water , Earth , Fire and Air , although the Avatar has the ability to control all four .

In recent times , the Valley has been gaining in reputation as a unique wine region for sangiovese , nebbiolo and barbera to name but a few .

Temple Square is a ten acre -LRB- 40,000 mÂ -RRB- complex located in the center of Salt Lake City , Utah , owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints -LRB- LDS Church -RRB- .

It is possible that the Berber Muslim Almoravids were originally from the area .

The creation of the LCC in 1889 , as part of the Local Government Act 1888 , was forced by a succession of scandals involving the MBW , and was also prompted by a general desire to create a competent government for the city , capable of strategising and delivering services effectively .

It was launched in 1 January 1994 in partnership and distribution with Star TV , a Hong Kong-based pan-Asian satellite network owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation , replacing the NBC Asia channel .

It was named for Alexander Hamilton , first United States Secretary of the Treasury .

It is available for watching here .

The figures were carved by 11 different sculptors . French was also the designer of the two allegorical figures Brooklyn and Manhattan currently flanking the museum 's entrance -LRB- created in 1916 for the Brooklyn approach to the Manhattan Bridge , relocated to the museum in 1963 -RRB- .

Rudolf Walter Richard Hess -LRB- written HeÃ in German -RRB- -LRB- 26 April 1894 â `` 17 August 1987 -RRB- was a prominent Nazi politician and official acting as Adolf Hitler 's Deputy in the Nazi Party during the 1930s and early 1940s .

However , the technique of crotching , or freezing two balls into the corner where the rails meetâ '' the crotchâ '' vastly increasing counts , resulted in an 1862 rule which allowed only three counts before at least one ball had to be driven away .

Balkline succeeded the champion 's game , adding more rules to curb nursing techniques .

O'Connor then portrayed an imperiled student on the NBC special `` The Flood '' , Cheryl Ladd 's daughter in Danielle Steel 's `` Changes '' , a woman captured by Shawnee Indians in ABC 's Follow the River , an actress who hires Rockford as her bodyguard in The Rockford Files : A Blessing in Disguise , Julia Wilkes in Disney 's `` The Adventures of Huck Finn '' , and the daughter of a murdered couple in an episode of NYPD Blue .

FÃ bio AurÃ lio Rodrigues -LRB- born 24 September 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Liverpool of the Premier League , having previously played for SÃ # o Paulo and Valencia .

In his narrative he assigns the honor to his fellow sealing captain , Robert Johnson , for finding and naming the land two years earlier .

This would explain the profusion of positional and date errors .

Sun Yat-sen -LRB- ; 12 November 1866 -- 12 March 1925 -RRB- was a Chinese doctor , revolutionary and political leader .

Although `` severely elevated mood '' sounds somewhat desirable and enjoyable , the experience of mania is ultimately often quite unpleasant and sometimes disturbing , if not frightening , for the person involved and for those close to them , and it may lead to impulsive behavior that may later be regretted .

The film was re-released by Disney on March 7 , 2006 .

It lay to the north of the modern Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan until it was dissolved in 1969 .

Leporello abandons Elvira .

Robert Indiana -LRB- born September 13 , 1928 -RRB- is an American artist associated with the Pop Art movement .

Examples include storage polysaccharides such as starch and glycogen , and structural polysaccharides such as cellulose and chitin .

Haynes ' brother , Dontia Haynes , a former San Diego State University tennis player ranked among the top 100 ranked collegiate tennis players in the United States , died 23 September 2005 .

Moussy-Verneuil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

The band was a side-project of guitarist\/vocalist Tom DeLonge and drummer Travis Barker of Blink-182 , along with lead guitarist David Kennedy of Hazen Street , and touring bassist Anthony Celestino .

Clinton was the first of two Vice Presidents to serve in the position under two different Presidents .

Raine Maida -LRB- born February 18 , 1970 -RRB- is a Canadian musician best known as being the lead vocalist and primary songwriter of the alternative rock band Our Lady Peace .

In the Middle East , green cardamom powder is used as a spice for sweet dishes as well as traditional flavoring in coffee and tea .

The Draft was announced by WWE Chairman Vince McMahon on the May 26 , 2008 episode of Raw .

He married Emma of France , daughter of Robert I of France and BÃ atrice of Vermandois .

The Small White -LRB- Pieris rapae -RRB- is a small - to medium-sized butterfly species of the Yellows-and-Whites family Pieridae .

The term was popularized by the `` The Fundamentals '' , a collection of twelve books on five subjects published in 1910 and funded by Milton and Lyman Stewart This series of essays came to be representative of the `` Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy '' which appeared late in the 19th century within some Protestant denominations in the United States , and continued in earnest through the 1920s .

The songs were released as single with a B-side , titled `` Two More Years '' , to coincide with the band 's October 2005 UK tour .

From this date , the album became available for pre-order , in a variety of formats : a high-quality MP3 digital download to be delivered on 21 August 2008 , and a physical CD release on 27 October 2008 .

Yoghurt with added fruit jam was patented in 1933 by the RadlickÃ MlÃ kÃ rna dairy in Prague .

The word `` lesbian '' is derived from the name of the Greek island of Lesbos , home to the 6th-century BCE poet Sappho .

An example of a surviving celestial globe is part of a Hellenistic sculpture , called the Farnese Atlas , surviving in a 2nd century AD Roman copy in the Naples Museum , Naples , Italy .

Korykos were the equivalent to modern punching bags .

One legend holds that the heroic ruler Theseus invented a form of boxing in which two men sat face to face and beat each other with their fists until one of them was killed .

Rah Ahan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Shahr-e-Rey .

It can also be called qixianqin -LRB- lit . `` seven-stringed instrument '' -RRB- .

Many artists down through the ages have played the instrument , and the instrument was a favorite of scholars .

The watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning the next day , while a separate watch was posted for the Burin and Bonavista peninsulas , though it was quickly discontinued .

Fresnoy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

A cubic metre of pure water at the temperature of maximum density -LRB- 3.98 Â C -RRB- and standard atmospheric pressure -LRB- 101.325 kPa -RRB- has a mass of 1,000 kg , or one tonne .

f Jaguar formerly Stewart Grand Prix .

After the creation of Pakistan , Jamaat-e-Islami was divided into separate Indian and Pakistani organizations .

Cordelia takes its name from the youngest daughter of Lear in William Shakespeare 's King Lear .

Exeter Cathedral , the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter at Exeter , is an Anglican cathedral , and the seat of the Bishop of Exeter , in the city of Exeter , Devon in South West England .

The lake lies in portions of five counties : Box Elder , Davis , Tooele , Weber , and Salt Lake .

The IRT was purchased by the City in June 1940 .

The trunk is covered by the bark , which is an important diagnostic feature in tree identification , and which often differs markedly from the bottom of the trunk to the top , depending on the species .

The main function of , as opposed to , is that the template allows you to specify a desired height of the panorama .

In older literature , adenine was sometimes called Vitamin B4 .

A striking contrast is formed between Wormwood and Screwtape during the rest of the book .

The label was launched in spring 2006 , and is managed by former TOTP Magazine editor Peter Loraine .

The British Rail Class 91 is a class of 140 mph -LRB- 225 km\/h -RRB- , 6300 H electric locomotives ordered as a component of the East Coast Main Line modernisation and electrification program of the late 1980s .

Though Ellington took piano lessons , he was more interested in baseball .

An inscription dated 1346 regarding a grant to the Sringeri matha indicates Harihara I as the ruler of â whole country between the eastern and the western seas , and the inscription describes Vidya Nagara -LRB- that is , the city of learning -RRB- as his capital .

On the relations of Man to the lower animals p57 â `` 112 .

An Australian documentary was made in 2006 about Warren and Marshall 's road to the Nobel Prize , called `` The Winner 's Guide to the Nobel Prize '' .

For example , the x86 instruction set architecture has 8 integer registers , x86-64 has 16 , many RISCs have 32 , and IA-64 has 128 .

The fort held a prominent position and was located high above sea level with strategic views to the entrance -LRB- Sydney Heads -RRB- of Port Jackson .

When construction of the fort was complete , there were a total of 41 gun emplacements positioned around the harbor .

On 8 September 2007 , it was announced that Fuji will alternate the Japanese Grand Prix with Suzuka , starting from 2009 onwards .

If there is any doubt , posting to the candidate 's talkpage and asking them about their RfA is often a better course of action than abruptly closing their good faith attempt at adminship .

Cavendish said of the protest , which he thought was lodged by Hushovd , that , `` Thor either thinks so highly of himself that he thinks I was looking out for him yesterday or he thinks so highly of my team that the only way he can beat us is to complain like that . ''

â One Fish , Two Fish , Blowfish , Blue Fishâ is the eleventh episode of The Simpsons second season .

An exception to this is temperature wherein the conversion will be rounded either to precision comparable to that of the input value or to that which would give three significant figures when expressed in kelvins , whichever is the most precise .

They can only be used as the third unnamed parameter , e.g. produces `` 55 n '' .

As livestock keeping spread throughout the world it was able to occupy otherwise empty niches .

There are a large number of Christian churches in the city for its size .

Jand is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .

This is especially common with hot noodles , as drawing up the noodles quickly into the mouth helps cool them down .

Roasted buckwheat kernels may be made into a grain tea called sobacha , which may be served hot or cold .

Nolina , Beaucarnea , and Dasylirion are sometimes recognized as Nolinaceae or placed in Ruscaceae .

Goats and other pet animals graze the pastures .

Joncreuil is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .

It occupies the site of the former Kan ` ei-ji , a temple closely associated with the Tokugawa shoguns , who had built the temple to guard Edo Castle against the north-east , then considered an unlucky direction .

Some Toy Fox Terrier breeders can trace their dogsâ lineage back to a Smooth Fox Terrier called `` Foiler '' , the first fox terrier registered by the Kennel Club in Britain , circa 1875-76 . It is believed that careful breeding from smaller Smooth Fox Terriers without crosses to other toy breeds such as Manchester Terrier and Chihuahua resulted in the Toy Fox Terrier of today .

Twenty-five two-car units were ordered by Railtrack to enable it to replace its varied collection of ageing departmental vehicles , many of which were converted from redundant passenger stock .

After an unsuccessful attempt to hire the German conductor , Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler , the English conductor John Barbirolli and the Polish conductor Artur RodziÅ ski were joint replacements for Toscanini in 1936 .

He became known as Le Grand Dauphin after the birth of his own son , Le Petit Dauphin .

Light passes through the transparent slide and lens , and the resulting image is enlarged and projected onto a perpendicular flat screen so the audience can view its reflection .

It was first administered in November 1959 by Everett Franklin Lindquist as a competitor to the College Board 's Scholastic Aptitude Test , now the SAT Reasoning Test .

Emmanuel Olisadebe -LRB- born 22 December 1978 in Warri -RRB- is a Nigerian-born Polish football striker who last played for Chinese football club Henan Construction in the Chinese Super League .

Central America is the central geographic region of the Americas . It is the southernmost , isthmian portion of the North American continent , which connects with South America on the southeast .

The penetrometer is dropped on the test subject or pressed against it and the depth of the resulting hole is measured .

During the wet season the river beds are eroded by the floodwaters and large quantities of fresh and saline water flow out across the tidal flats , where silt is deposited .

Parks Australia and the Aboriginal traditional owners of Kakadu are committed to the principle of joint management of the Park and arrangements to help this happen are highlighted in Kakaduâ s Plan of Management .

Using paperbark rafts , they would track the movement of a wounded crocodile and retrieve the carcass for skinning .

Walt Disney Pictures is an American film studio owned by The Walt Disney Company . Walt Disney Pictures and Television , a subsidiary of the Walt Disney Studios and the main production company for live-action feature films within the Walt Disney Motion Pictures Group , based at the Walt Disney Studios , acquires and produces output that are released under the Walt Disney Pictures and Touchstone Pictures banners .

Elements of V are called vectors . Elements of F are called scalars .

`` Two of Us '' is a 1969 song by The Beatles , written by Paul McCartney , although , in his 1980 Playboy interview , John Lennon apparently claimed to have written it . It is credited to Lennon\/McCartney .

Swallowtail butterflies are large , colorful butterflies that form the family Papilionidae .

Fernando de Napoli -LRB- born 15 March 1964 , in Chiusano di San Domenico , Italy -RRB- is an Italian former professional footballer , who played as a winger during the 1980s and 1990s .

Liez is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

The binary prefix kibi means 1024 , therefore 1 kibibyte is .

Currently Olivier Vodoz and Christine Beerli are vice presidents .

The block 's continuity was provided by segments featuring Piper O'Possum .

He became a US citizen in 1971 .

He also made contributions to solid-state physics and optics and supervised the work of a number of notable physicists in the 1920s and 30s .

Max Born -LRB- 11 December 1882 -- 5 January 1970 -RRB- was a German-born physicist and mathematician who was instrumental in the development of quantum mechanics .

In 1921 Gustav Holst adapted the music from a section of Jupiter from his suite The Planets to create a setting for the poem .

Megabats eat fruit , nectar or pollen while most microbats eat insects ; others may feed on the blood of animals , small mammals , fish , frogs , fruit , pollen or nectar .

He may have been inspired by Frank Calvert , whom he met on his first visit to the Hissarlik site in 1868 .

Her challengers , Strauss-Kahn and Fabius , obtained 21 % and 19 % respectively .

However , the policy of privatisation was pursued .

Vegetables included leeks , garlic , melons , squashes , pulses , lettuce , and other crops , in addition to grapes that were made into wine .

The collection is part of the Neues Museum .

The type skeleton is complete to the thirteenth caudal vertebra , and so is relatively well understood , and is the most complete abelisaurid yet described .

It is thus seen as the precursor of all synapsids -LRB- which include mammals -RRB- .

Centralia is the home of the Centralia Cultural Society .

However , in what is sometimes called the Post-Vulgate Merlin , Excalibur was given to Arthur by the Lady of the Lake sometime after he began to reign .

One or both of the revisions of this diff has been removed from the public archives .

; : This code over-rides the explanation text following the bolded reason line ; it over-rides text initially provided by the template itself , , , and , if applicable , .

They are often credited as one of the most popular bands of the 1980s thrash metal scene .

During their 30-year marriage Faustina bore 13 children .

Saint-Roman-de-Malegarde is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .

Both conglomerates and breccias are characterized by clasts larger than sand -LRB- -RRB- 2 mm -RRB- .

This enables individuals anywhere to play a direct and interactive role in the survival of some of the worldâ s most precious species .

Sabotage was suspected but never proved .

Minidoka is a city in Minidoka County , Idaho , United States .

Traffic cones , also called traffic pylons , road cones , highway cones , kafele boothe cones , safety cones , construction cones or -LRB- colloquially -RRB- witches ' hats , are usually cone-shaped markers that are placed on roads or footpaths to temporarily redirect traffic in a safe manner .

Travelling naturalists were to be based in Rio de Janeiro , and instructions were sent out to the regions .

After Darwin 's Fertilisation of Orchids -LRB- 1862 -RRB- he spent years of work on orchids , sending observations to his brother Hermann and to Darwin .

He was mathematics teacher at the LycÃ e. 1867-76 : Return to the ItajaÃ Valley as a minor provincial official .

The topics covered a range of natural history topics :

Worked as a botanist and as an advisor to farmers .

Irregularly shaped and reddish in color , it is thought to consist of porous water ice with unknown amounts of other materials .

Gauchos use bolas made of braided leather cords with wooden balls or small leather sacks full of stones at the ends of the cords .

The song was written by Lavigne with her producer Dr. Luke for Lavigne 's third studio album , The Best Damn Thing -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . `` Girlfriend '' was released as the lead single from The Best Damn Thing on 27 February 2007 .

Season in progress .

It has been suggested that all trap types are modifications of a similar basic structureâ '' the hairy leaf .

The company is organised as Group Lotus , which is divided into Lotus Cars and Lotus Engineering .

`` Donâ t be surprised to see an electric Lotus shortly , â he said , adding that a concept version could debut as early as March 2009 , at Geneva Motor Show .

Along with sodium chloride and lithium chloride , potassium chloride is used as a flux for the gas welding of aluminium .

The Hockey News was founded in 1947 by Ken McKenzie and Bill CÃ tÃ , and has since been the most recognized hockey publication in North America .

The managing director is Peter Birtles .

As part of the Raw vs. SmackDown !

Most owners of zombie computers are unaware that their system is being used in this way .

However , because he was an Australian , and not a part of the scientific establishment , and because he found the fossil in Africa , and not Europe or Asia , where the establishment looked to for man 's origins , his findings were initially dismissed .

Along with Annabeth and Percy 's half brother Tyson , Percy journeys on an unapproved quest to find Grover .

The goal of the project is to assist a Windows user unacquainted with Linux in trying Ubuntu without risking any loss of information due to disk formatting or partitioning .

It has 150.71 criminal incidents per 1000 inhabitants , far higher than national average -LRB- 83 per 1000 -RRB- and even higher than the crime rate of the Seine-Saint-Denis department -LRB- 95.67 per 1000 -RRB- .

The employees of paper mills were called les usines , French for factory and formed the integral part of their culture and life .

Epping on the London Underground is the north-eastern terminus of the Central Line .

Dated back to ca .

The new stand was an impressive modern facility , but it also emphasised the haphazard nature in which the ground had been redeveloped , as all four sides were of differing heights and construction styles .

The Green River Formation contains the largest oil shale deposits in the world .

From 1933 to 1939 he studied composition in Paris with Nadia Boulanger , and during World War II he worked as an interpreter for the Polish government in exile -LRB- Szeryng was fluent in seven languages -RRB- and gave concerts for Allied troops all over the world .

For instance , in a typical diving compressor the air is compressed in three stages .

An inland tropical storm warning was also issued for non-coastal and non-tidal areas of Charlotte , Citrus , DeSoto , Hardee , Hernando , Highlands , Lee , Levy , Manatee , Pasco , Pinellas , Polk , Sarasota , and Sumter counties .

In England , there are currently eight parishes with city status , all places with long-established Anglican cathedrals : Chichester , Ely , Hereford , Lichfield , Ripon , Salisbury , Truro and Wells .

Put another way : for key signatures with sharps , the first sharp is placed on F line with subsequent sharps on C , G , D , A , E and B ; for key signatures with flats , the first flat is placed on B with subsequent flats on E , A , D , G , C and F. There are thus 15 conventional key signatures , with up to seven sharps or flats and including the empty signature of C major -LRB- A minor -RRB- .

MullÃ Husayn was the BÃ b 's first disciple .

Some women experience intense pleasure if the G-Spot is stimulated appropriately during sexual activity . A G-Spot orgasm may be responsible for female ejaculation , leading some doctors and researchers to believe that G-Spot pleasure comes from the Skene 's glands , a female homolog of the prostate , rather than any particular spot on the vaginal wall .

After 1931 , when the Statute of Westminster came into being and the Dominions of the British Empire became independent states , equal in status to the UK , the Order of Merit remained an honor open to all the King 's realms ; thus , as with the monarch who conferred it , the order ceased to be purely British .

Camp Zama is a United States Army post located in the cities of Zama and Sagamihara , in Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan , about 40 k southwest of Tokyo .

Several other sources such as the ABC News , Daily Telegraph , and journalist Seymour Hersh have also reported that Jundullah has received support from the United States against the government of Iran , although the US denies any involvement .

The pair competed in a nature quiz tiebreaker , the loser of which was eliminated .

It is bordered by Montenegro to the northwest , Kosovo to the northeast , the Republic of Macedonia to the east and Greece to the south and southeast .

They were common in medieval Europe , especially when combined with a hood in the chaperon , and have had periodic returns to fashion , for example , in nineteenth century Europe .

Pleasant Hill is a village in Pike County , Illinois , United States .

It was first seen by scientists in images taken by the Cassini-Huygens probe on October 28 , 2004 and announced on November 8 that year .

Donkey Kong 64 went on to become a Nintendo 64 Player 's Choice title .

Fishermen were also ordered to stay on land .

Neerpelt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .

The highway was first designated in 1959 as a route between Corpus Christi and San Antonio . Construction in the urban areas of Corpus Christi and San Antonio began in the 1960s and the segments of the Interstate Highway in rural areas were completed by the 1980s .

In July 2010 , Sony announced two new sizes of Slim PS3 , 160 GB and 320 GB , with the 120 GB model being discontinued in Japan .

Shih Tzu were officially recognized by the American Kennel Club in 1969 .

Arabic language versions are , as appropriate , in parentheses .

He was succeeded as Lord Protector by his son Richard .

FresnÃ - la-M Ã re is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

Since learning the truth about her paternity , Liv and Steven have developed a close relationship .

The nasal septum can depart from the center line of the nose in a condition is known as a deviated septum due to trauma .

He could figure them out faster than I could .

He used chlorine in an attempt to clean the water and had the handle removed , thus ending the outbreak .

Tens of millions of the consumer IM accounts in use are being used for business purposes by employees of companies and other organizations .

As such , it could be considered a sort of GUI -LRB- Graphical User Interface -RRB- , albeit much more primitive than the later Unix , Windows and Macintosh based GUI IM software .

However , there are some large area maps that that use a familiar map projection . A list of large area maps that do not use equirectangular projection can be found here .

A list of large area maps that do not use equirectangular projection can be found here .

Only the dose makes a thing not a poison . ''

She briefly attended Edgewood College in Madison , Wisconsin , and Spring Hill College in Mobile , but transferred to Xavier University of Louisiana in New Orleans , where she became an active member of the Gamma Alpha Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority , Inc. and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in 1969 .

Edmund becomes fully reformed after a long conversation with Aslan who afterward commands the Pevensies to consider the matter of their brother 's misdeeds resolved .

Yamaraj rides a black buffalo and carries a rope lasso to carry the soul back to his abode , called `` Yamalok '' -LRB- the world of Yama - or the Underworld of the dead -RRB- .

He continued to live in Trois-Rivi Ã res where he was a successful businessman and well-respected member of the community .

The series begins with Swallows and Amazons , published in 1930 .

The 12 books involve adventures by groups of children almost all during the school holidays and mostly in England and Scotland , between the two World Wars .

The children meet on an island on the lake , and have a series of adventures that weave imaginative tales of pirates and exploration into everyday life in inter-War , rural England .

The openings of the Tyne and Wear Metro in 1980 , Manchester Metrolink in 1991 and new tram systems in Sheffield , Birmingham , Croydon and Nottingham are very much in line with the aims of the LRTA .

In March 2001 , the World Wrestling Federation purchased World Championship Wrestling .

WrestleMania 's annual fan convention , WrestleMania Axxess , was held from March 25 through March 28 at the Phoenix Convention Center .

Wemmel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .

These activities are often described with the slang terms golden showers , water sports , or piss play .

; Second form His second form is similar to his father King Cold , much larger , both in height and muscle mass , Frieza claiming to have at least doubled his power -LRB- of over 1,000,000 -RRB- in this state .

It was a politically important seat of the Prince-elector of Mainz -LRB- see : Archbishopric of Mainz -RRB- under the Holy Roman Empire , and previously was a Roman fort city which commanded the west bank of the Rhine and formed part of the northernmost frontier of the Roman Empire . Mainz is located on the river Rhine across from Wiesbaden , in the western part of the Frankfurt Rhine-Main Region ; in the modern age , Frankfurt shares much of its regional importance .

Kasterlee is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .

Marshfield Dreams : When I Was a Kid is a memoir written by the American writer , poet and educational consultant Ralph Fletcher , it covers his life from birth to age thirteen when his family moved from Marshfield , Massachusetts to Chicago .

Polliat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

In the arts tradition , music is also used to broaden skills of non-musicians by teaching skills such as concentration and listening .

Even shows empty parameters that come in the end .

She went to the College of William and Mary and earned a degree in Psychology and Computer Science in 1978 .

Groundwater 's short stories have won several contests .

Serving as a Senior Research Mathematician at Princeton University during the later part of his life , he shared the 1994 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with game theorists Reinhard Selten and John Harsanyi .

Primordial black holes could thus account for the creation of any type of black hole .

The towns of Hohenstein and Ernstthal were united in 1898 , and the town is either known by its hyphenated form , or simply called Hohenstein .

Shpilband became a naturalized United States citizen in 2000 .

Chinese architecture refers to a style of architecture that has taken shape in East Asia over many centuries .

These letters have helped historians to construct details about the life of Jane Austen .

The dates of Hanukkah are determined by the Hebrew calendar .

Le Lac-d ` Issarl Ã s is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .

Gordan Nikolitch -LRB- ; born 1968 -RRB- is a Serbian violinist .

In July 2001 , Curitiba has become the first city in the country to receive the prize `` Pole of Information Technology '' , granted by InfoExame magazine , because the performance of their companies of technology .

The main rivers that form the watershed of the city are : Atuba River , BelÃ m River , BarigÃ 1\/4 i River , PassaÃ na River , RibeirÃ # o dos Padilhas and the IguaÃ u River , all with characteristics of dendritic drainage .

Periods should be punctuated with an unspaced en dash -LRB- e.g. -RRB- .

During this time , he composed his two last masterpieces : Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria -LRB- The Return of Ulysses , 1640 -RRB- , and the historic opera , L'incoronazione di Poppea , -LRB- The Coronation of Poppea , 1642 -RRB- , based on an episode in the life of the Roman emperor Nero . The libretto for Il ritorno d'Ulisse was by Giacomo Badoarro and for L'incoronazione di Poppea by Giovanni Busenello .

Midland was originally founded as the midway point between Fort Worth and El Paso on the Texas and Pacific Railroad in 1881 .

As of late December 2007 , they introduced the new Hash Browns and the Bagel B.E.L.T. , a breakfast sandwich that also includes lettuce and tomato .

Prior to November 10 , he had already killed 32 Axis soldiers with the standard-issue Mosin-Nagant rifle .

It denied the existence of the Holocaust , claimed that the USA built the gas ovens of the Dachau concentration camp after the War and that films of concentration camps were faked .

In 1509 Cranach went to the Netherlands , and painted the Emperor Maximilian and the boy who afterwards became Emperor Charles V. Until 1508 Cranach signed his works with his initials .

Endurance is needed to travel the distances demanded in dogsled travel , which may be anything from 5 t or more a day .

He was the son of architect Franz Martinelli .

Ferdinando I de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany -LRB- 30 July 1549 -- 17 February 1609 -RRB- was Grand Duke of Tuscany from 1587 to 1609 , having succeeded his older brother Francesco I.

HombliÃ res is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

Energy usage in transportation and residential sectors , about half of U.S. energy consumption , is largely controlled by individual consumers .

Modern research -LRB- 2004 -RRB- into the history and archaeology of Derby has provided evidence that the Vikings and Anglo-Saxons probably co-existed , occupying two areas of land surrounded by water .

The song field should show the flag of the country and the name of the song as presented during the ESC .

Saint-Germain-de-Livet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

Morena Baccarin auditioned for the role and two days later was on the set in her first television show .

St. Anne 's and the other schools in the board are all Catholic .

Elections are held every spring with the exception of the grade nine representative who is elected in September .

Nevertheless the ongoing redevelopment , set to take until 2012 , has aimed to make the surface-level concourse and ticket-hall area considerably more spacious and bright .

The Grand Duchy changed its name to the Grand Duchy of Hesse and by Rhine in 1816 .

Sims can then play The Sims 3 on their computers or console systems .

Often , a borough is a single town with its own local government .

Pontiac is located at .

TAG Group -LRB- Holdings -RRB- SA is a private holding company based in Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .

By the middle of the 1880s , Masoch abandoned the Legacy of Cain .

He was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine , along with Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol W. Greider , for the discovery of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres .

A white flag is a common symbol of surrender , as is the gesture of raising one 's hands empty and open above one 's head .

Meslay-du-Maine is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .

Today scurvy is known to be caused by a nutritional deficiency , but until the isolation of vitamin C and its direct link to scurvy in 1932 , numerous theories and treatments were proposed , often on little or no experimental data . This inconsistency is attributed to the lack of vitamin C as a distinct concept , the varying vitamin C content of different foods -LRB- notably present in fresh citrus , watercress , and organ meat -RRB- , and how vitamin C can be destroyed by exposure to air and copper .

The finer qualities of parchment are called vellum .

Konz is the seat of the Verbandsgemeinde -LRB- `` collective municipality '' -RRB- Konz . The following villages are part of the municipality Konz :

When Hercules attacks Iolaus he is overpowered by the smaller man , but after a short while Hercules gets the best of Iolaus as he sees Deianeira and Ilea standing in the doorway .

Following his retirement from athletics he served as a Member of Parliament for the Conservative Party from 1992 â `` 97 , and became a life peer in 2000 .

Allineuc -LRB- , Gallo : Aleinoec -RRB- is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .

If any Man shall lose a Joint in time of an Engagement , shall have 400 Pieces of Eight ; if a Limb , 800 .

If at any time you meet with a prudent Woman , that Man that offers to meddle with her , without her Consent , shall suffer present Death .

The historic old town forms an irregular square , consisting of four parts -LRB- called StÃ cke -RRB- .

Beginning in 1820 , Aarau has been a refuge for political refugees .

A former cloth warehouse was transformed into a small theater in 1974 , and the alternative culture center KIFF -LRB- Culture in the fodder factory -RRB- was established in a former animal fodder factory .

Like other authenticated Diffie-Hellman schemes , MQV provides protection against an active attacker .

Kamakura also hosts the so-called Five Great Zen Temples -LRB- the Kamakura Gozan -RRB- .

On-shore and off-shore winds can be extremely strong as the lake warms and cools more slowly than the land .

At the 2000 census the population was 6,607 .

Grace McKee married Ervin Silliman -LRB- Doc -RRB- Goddard in 1935 , and nine-year-old Norma Jeane was sent to the Los Angeles Orphans Home -LRB- later renamed Hollygrove -RRB- , and then to a succession of foster homes .

Monroe later described the experience as a `` nightmare '' .

The time with Lower provided the young Norma Jeane with one of the few stable periods in her life .

In the Hoover book , Summers concludes that Monroe was in love with President Kennedy and wanted to marry him in the early 1960s ; that she called the White House frequently ; and that , when the married President had to break off their affair , Monroe became even more depressed , and then turned to Robert Kennedy , who visited Monroe in Los Angeles the day that she died .

Germany , like the United Kingdom , can thus be classified as a parliamentary system .

This is followed later on by symptoms typical of other elapid envenomations : a progressive flaccid paralysis , starting with ptosis and paralysis of voluntary muscles .

In Buddhism , the first schism was set up by Devadatta , during Buddha 's life .

A peculiar form of chamber pot , the Bourdaloue , was designed specifically for females .

The album pretty much starts off when he is returning after several years to hook up with his old `` babe . ''

The current Taoiseach is Enda Kenny , TD who was appointed on 9 March 2011 .

In 1951 the Under School relocated to its own premises in Eccleston Square .

San Pedro de Tacna , or simply Tacna , is a city in southern Peru and the regional capital of the Tacna Region .

In mathematics , a rational number is any number that can be expressed as the quotient or fraction a\/b of two integers , with the denominator b not equal to zero . Since b may be equal to 1 , every integer is a rational number .

In the first , Fall Gelb -LRB- Case Yellow -RRB- , German armored units pushed through the Ardennes , to cut off and surround the Allied units that had advanced into Belgium .

On 22 June , an armistice was signed between France and Germany , going into effect on 25 June .

The family has approximately 225 species in 7 genera , although some classification systems include all of subfamily Magnoioideae in genus Magnolia .

He was head of a coalition government led by Fianna FÃ il which until 23 January 2011 had the support of the Green Party and independent TDs .

Welcome to Wikipedia .

Software versioning is the process of assigning either unique version names or unique version numbers to unique states of computer software .

This can be seen by orienting the n-hypercube so that two opposite vertices lie vertically , corresponding to the -LRB- n-1 -RRB- - simplex itself and the null polytope , respectively .

He was a six-time Danish champion , and a Candidate for the World Chess Championship on four occasions : 1965 , 1968 , 1971 , and 1977 .

He shortly afterward joined the Manhattan Project in the United States , which developed the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .

On 21 March 2006 , about 2,500 workers , who were upset over buses that were delayed for the end of their shifts , protested , damaging cars , offices , computers , and construction equipment .

Local firms are able to take capital out of the country in order to expand globally .

His grandfather William Prescott served as a colonel during the American Revolutionary War .

They prefer full sun throughout the day and mesic soils .

Unguja comprises three administrative regions : Zanzibar Central\/South , Zanzibar North and Zanzibar Urban\/West . Pemba has two : Pemba North and Pemba South .

Trilogy is a series of three novels written by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson first published in 1975 .

UBS Wealth Management Research has expanded the idea of the Big Mac index to include the amount of time that an average worker in a given country must work to earn enough to buy a Big Mac . The working-time based Big Mac index might give a more realistic view of the purchasing power of the average worker , as it takes into account more factors , such as local wages .

Living in a Box were a British pop band from the 1980s and early 1990s .

The city government also established a `` refuge of last resort '' for citizens who could not leave the city , at the massive Louisiana Superdome , which housed approximately 26,000 people with food and water for two days as the storm came ashore .

Mandatory evacuations were issued for large areas of southeast Louisiana as well as coastal Mississippi and Alabama .

Soul Punk is the upcoming solo debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Patrick Stump , member of Fall Out Boy .

The Wawel Dragon -LRB- in Polish : Smok Wawelski -RRB- , also known as the Dragon of Wawel Hill , is a famous dragon in Polish folklore .

He graduated from the College of New Jersey -LRB- now Princeton University -RRB- in 1794 and began studying law .

The article quoted a doctor as saying , `` The QT levels may have grown over a few years , or it may have been artificially pushed over the limit by caffeine '' .

There also was a 2.281 k warm-up loop called Zielschleife -LRB- `` Finish Loop '' -RRB- or better known as Betonschleife , around the pit area .

Peter Senerchia -LRB- born October 11 , 1967 -RRB- is a retired American professional wrestler and current color commentator best known by his ring name Tazz , originally Tazmaniac and later shortened to simply Taz .

Mirza Ghulam Ahmad founded the movement on 23 March 1889 and termed it the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama ` at -LRB- community -RRB- , envisioning it to be a revitalisation of Islam .

The planet 's southernmost active volcano , Erebus -LRB- 3794 m -RRB- , as well as the dormant volcano Terror -LRB- 3230 m -RRB- , are situated on the island .

They were named by Ross after his ships HMS Erebus and HMS Terror .

The by-election was caused by the death of the Conservative Party Member of Parliament for Glasgow Hillhead Tam Galbraith on 2 January 1982 .

Because of this motto , one of Minnesota 's nicknames is The North Star State .

It is used in activities such as tree felling , limbing , bucking , pruning , by tree surgeons to fell trees and remove branches and foliage , to fell snags and assist in cutting firebreaks in wildland fire suppression , and to harvest firewood .

After the 1866 Austro-Prussian War , the Kingdom of Hanover -LRB- including the former bishopric of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck -RRB- was annexed by Prussia .

The electrical properties of the two pieces of glass are similar to each other but opposite to those of the two pieces of resin : the glass attracts what the resin repels and repels what the resin attracts .

Aida , Amonasro and the captured Ethiopians plead with the Egyptian King for mercy , but the Egyptians call for their death -LRB- Aida , Amneris , Radames , The King , Amonasro , chorus : Che veggo ! . .

After a brief engagement , the Dutch fleet was forced to retreat with two ships sunk , three smaller vessels captured , and 130 casualties .

S\/2004 S 12 is a natural satellite of Saturn .

In addition , this system 's track data indicates that it crossed from the central to the east Pacific because it formed at longitude 149 Â W and dissipated at 135 Â W. Only two recorded other tropical cyclones had done that previously .

Prior to his election as mayor , Villaraigosa was the California State Assemblyman for the 45th District , the Speaker of the California State Assembly , and the Los Angeles City Councilman representing the 14th District .

This template is likely represented across -LRB- thousands of pages -RRB- , so please tread lightly when editing here .

They began to import Hill 's Absinth -LRB- not a true Absinthe -RRB- from the Czech Republic , which encouraged a modern resurgence in absinthe 's popularity . Absinthe had also never been banned in other European countries where it was never popular ; it is in these countries where absinthe first began to reappear during the revival in the 1990s .

Except for Nero -LRB- also a great admirer of Greek culture -RRB- , all Roman emperors before Hadrian were clean shaven . Most of the emperors after Hadrian would be portrayed with beards .

In fact , they usually maintain a certain political distance from the party leadership , because under the rules of collegiality , they will often have to publicly promote a Council decision which does not match the political conviction of their party -LRB- or of themselves -RRB- .

By convention , the positions of President and Vice President rotate annually , each Councillor thus becoming Vice President and then President every seven years while in office .

Famous 19th century Arian Unitarians include Andrews Norton and Dr. William Ellery Channing .

Minimalism was the result , even though the term `` minimalism '' was not generally embraced by the artists associated with it , and many practitioners of art designated minimalist by critics did not identify it as a movement as such .

Wives of male members also feature on the order of precedence , as do sons , daughters and daughters-in-law of Knights Grand Cross and Knights Commanders ; relatives of female members , however , are not assigned any special precedence .

The technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .

One of the recording sessions for `` Getting Better '' is famous for an incident involving Lennon .

Metz-en-Couture is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

As time passed , Arika started losing her optimism in being an Otome as she learns more about the past , specifically the Dragon King War in which numerous Otomes , many who were friends with each other in Garderobe , fought each other and died .

Pepsi Twist is a lemon flavored cola , marketed by PepsiCo as an alternative to regular Pepsi .

Chyjice is a village and municipality in JiÄ Ã n District in the Hradec KrÃ lovÃ Region of the Czech Republic .

CSI : NY -LRB- Crime Scene Investigation : New York -RRB- is an American police procedural television series that premiered on September 22 , 2004 , on CBS .

Tel Aviv 's center for modern and classical dance is The Suzanne Dellal Centre in Neve Tzedek .

He was a virtuoso organist and harpsichordist .

Oud-Heverlee is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .

AsniÃ res-sur-Seine was originally called simply AsniÃ res .

Transwiki and Importers are flags which give permissions on Special : Import .

In 1799 James Carter imported several Williams trees into the United States , and they were planted on the grounds of Thomas Brewer in Roxbury , Massachusetts .

The psychological manifestation of visual information is known as visual perception , a lack of which is called blindness .

The low level circulation detached itself from the diminishing convection while the system as a whole continued west-northwestward .

It sold less than half as many copies as Blood Sugar Sex Magik and received much less critical acclaim .

Sargent was brought up in Stamford , Lincolnshire , where he joined the choir at Peterborough Cathedral , studied the organ and won a scholarship to Stamford School .

The physical disks are said to be in a RAID array , which is addressed by the operating system as one single disk .

Health magazine has selected lentils as one of the five healthiest foods .

COBRA -LRB- or CoBrA -RRB- was a European avant-garde movement active from 1949 to 1951 .

She gained international fame posthumously following the publication of her diary , which documents her experiences hiding during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II .

It was one of the 48 constellations listed by Ptolemy , who only counted 7 stars , and it remains one of the 88 modern constellations .

It is most common in the Pantanal region of Brazil and the Eastern Chaco region of Paraguay .

The varying types of mudrocks include : siltstone , claystone , mudstone , slate , and shale .

The meaning of `` Darwinism '' has changed over time , and varies depending on who is using the term .

The party returned on 18 December and wisely keeping more to the west had an easier journey .

Shortly before release of their first album , Sony terminated their contract .

While DP2 looked like a Class 55 locomotive in outline , there were many detail differences ; particularly the large bodyside radiator vents at one end , and the single roof fan as opposed to the four symmetrically placed fans on the Deltics .

The specimen , trapped in amber dating back to more than 80 million years ago , has features of both ants and wasps .

Not all ants have the same kind of societies . The Australian bulldog ants are among the biggest and most basal of ants .

On August 20 , 2006 , he went to Japan and competed in the professional wrestling tournament WRESTLE EXPO 2006 where he lost to 2 Tuff Tony after defeating Mad Man Pondo .

On September 16 , 2006 , he competed in the first Masters of Pain tournament where he lost to the `` Crazy Monkey '' Jun Kasai after defeating 2 Tuff Tony and Corporal Robinson .

Saurischians -LRB- ` lizard-hipped ' -RRB- are distinguished from the ornithischians -LRB- ` bird-hipped ' -RRB- by retaining the ancestral configuration of bones in the hip .

In 1888 , Harry Seeley classified dinosaurs into two orders , based on their hip structure .

These fuels may be consumed directly or by the use of electricity -LRB- which may derive from any of the above fuels or from nuclear or renewable sources -RRB- .

Spores germinate and grow into a gametophyte .

Make Way for Ducklings won the 1942 Caldecott Medal for McCloskey 's illustrations , executed in charcoal then lithographed on zinc plates .

JosÃ Luis PÃ rez Caminero -LRB- born 8 November 1967 in Madrid -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a midfielder .

In his junior year , he met Joe Principe at a Sick of It All concert .

Paul Larudee , a 64-year-old former linguistics professor from El Cerrito , California onboard the Sfendoni , was beaten and tased according to his family who said that Israeli consular officials informed them that Larudee , a pacifist , was beaten after refusing to follow the orders of troops .

Milk chocolate is sweet chocolate that additionally contains milk powder or condensed milk .

On July 30 , the low passed to the west of Bermuda as it continued northeastward , under the influence of a large mid-latitude trough .

However , conditions were forecast to become more conducive for development , and by July 29 the National Hurricane Center remarked it had `` potential for tropical or subtropical development . ''

In 135 CE the second Jewish revolt against the Romans was put down .

Though he was only nearly six at the time , he remembered the half-year-long trip vividly .

Le Dernier jour d'un condamnÃ -LRB- The Last Day of a Condemned Man -RRB- would have a profound influence on later writers such as Albert Camus , Charles Dickens , and Fyodor Dostoevsky .

However , although Hugo believed Catholic dogma to be outdated and dying , he never directly attacked the actual doctrines of the Church .

Laval-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .

Wikipedia articles should be based on reliable , published secondary sources and , to a lesser extent , on tertiary sources .

Purdue University , located in West Lafayette , Indiana , U.S. , is the flagship university of the six-campus Purdue University System .

The following is a list of the 375 communes of the Sarthe dÃ partement , in France .

Le Bar-sur-Loup is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .

It leads from the head of the Nubra Valley into the upper Shyok valley , on the way to the even higher , but easier , Karakoram Pass .

The HSCA found both the original FBI investigation and the Warren Commission Report to be seriously flawed .

Brian Peter George St. John le Baptiste de la Salle Eno -LRB- born 15 May 1948 -RRB- , commonly shortened to Brian Eno and previously as simply Eno , is an English musician , composer , record producer , music theorist , singer and visual artist , best known as one of the principal innovators of ambient music .

The last of those was published on February 6 , 2000 , six days before Schulz died . On February 13 , 2000 , the day following Schulz 's passing , the last ever Peanuts strip ran in papers .

In the wild , the species is confined to two small populations , near Monterey and Carmel , California .

The Ministry of Defense is in charge of political leadership , currently headed by Seyran Ohanian , while military command remains in the hands of the General Staff , headed by the Chief of Staff , who is currently Lieutenant-General Yuri Khatchaturov .

It then gradually turned to the east , passing just north of the Azores on September 26 .

On 5 January 2010 , Barbarez received his UEFA Pro Licence in Football Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina 's educational facility in Jablanica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .

talkbackHeading = '' '' ; FriendlyConfig .

In fact , Rotkiewicz showed in 1964 that the product of any number of prime or composite Fermat numbers will be a Fermat pseudoprime to base 2 .

While words are generally accepted as being -LRB- with clitics -RRB- the smallest units of syntax , it is clear that in most languages , if not all , words can be related to other words by rules -LRB- grammars -RRB- .

The Monarch is more orange , has heavier black-lined veins , and the underside of the wings is a pale yellowish color .

Bruce 's `` Zen Garden '' caused friction in Casaya and Aras felt he should instead have been helping with the daily camp chores .

Austin and Danielle were exiled together , while the winners enjoyed a big breakfast in a rain-soaked bed .

As well as a barbecue meal , Terry won a GMC Yukon for winning the second part of the reward challenge .

At the reward challenge , the castaways were split into three teams , and Bruce , Aras , and Sally ended up victorious .

Bruce , who had been sick for several days , was in increasing pain .

Verbal expression and explanation of movements has come from the artists themselves , sometimes in the form of an art manifesto , and sometimes from art critics and others who may explain their understanding of the meaning of the new art then being produced .

It has also been suggested that the ancestry of the tre cassyn can be traced to the triquetra in a coin of AmlaÃ b CuarÃ n , a 10th century Norse-Gael warlord who was king of Northumbria and king of Dublin .

The Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly , William Hay , ordered the change and the capital D was dropped from Hansard references .

The Chief Joseph Dam and several dams on the Columbia 's tributaries entirely block migration , and there are no migrating fish on the river above these dams .

In 1929 , Feuermann became professor at the Musikhochschule in Berlin where he taught for the next four years .

Lee wrote a two-volume set of memoirs : The Singapore Story -LRB- ISBN 0-13-020803-5 -RRB- , which covers his view of Singapore 's history until its separation from Malaysia in 1965 , and From Third World to First : The Singapore Story -LRB- ISBN 0060197765 -RRB- , which gives his account of Singapore 's subsequent transformation into a developed nation .

Mikel Alonso Olano -LRB- born 16 May 1980 in Tolosa , Basque Country -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Tenerife , as a midfielder .

`` There 's No Disgrace Like Home '' is the fourth episode of The Simpsons first season .

Folds in rocks vary in size from microscopic crinkles to mountain-sized folds .

The split was a result of WWF purchasing their two biggest competitors , WCW and ECW .

In early to mid-2002 , WWF underwent a process they called the `` Brand Extension '' .

The debut of SmackDown !

The following tables lists some properties of the six convex regular polychora .

son of the former

Since the Duke of Saxony was considered one of the prince-electors electing a new Holy Roman Emperor , conflict arose between the lines of Lauenburg and Wittenberg over the issue of who should cast Saxony 's vote .

He was also one of the most likeable of chess masters and became an `` elder statesman '' of the game , to whom others turned for advice or arbitration .

As of 2000 , the population was 44,437 .

The salinity increases as the 450 m salt crust dissolves over a period of six months resulting in a massive fish kill .

Khumbu lies near Mount Everest , which the Tibetans and Sherpas call Chomolungma which in Tibetan means Mother Goddess of the Earth .

The Administrative Block houses three Lecture Theatres , an AV Theatrette and a Band Room .

He walks through the village seeing fire and destructions and dead bodies strewn on the floor .

AntÃ nio de Oliveira Filho -LRB- born October 5 , 1960 -RRB- , better known as Careca , is a former football player .

When music for bass clef instruments , such as the cello or trombone , goes several ledger lines above the bass clef , the tenor clef is used ; if it were to go even higher than practical in tenor clef , the notes may be notated in treble clef .

Also , in the state Andhra Pradesh , chief minister Chandrababu Naidu reserved 1500 a of land near the airport at Hyderabad .

Headteacher Dianne McKinnon who succeeded Elizabeth Devlin after she retired in July .

Hanif Mohammad -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ù Û Ù Ù

The idea of the Weismann barrier is central to the Modern evolutionary synthesis , though it is not expressed today in the same terms .

Radio callsigns pre-date postcodes in Australia by more than forty years .

These are used when addressing mail by hand .

The Concertgebouw opened on 11 April 1888 .

On this basis , Kant derives second formulation of the categorical imperative from the first .

She hosts the syndicated talk and lifestyle program Rachael Ray and three Food Network series , 30 Minute Meals , Rachael Ray 's Tasty Travels and $ 40 a Day .

Paolo Conti -LRB- born 1 April 1950 in Riccione -RRB- is a former Italian football goalkeeper .

She also performed at the ImprovOlympic theater .

The show 's third season premiered on October 30 , 2008 .

Three men are running along the riverside , one of them stops to take a drink from the river .

It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .

The Supro Ozark 1560 S is a vintage electric guitar , employing a single pick-up near the bridge .

Michael Shawn Hickenbottom -LRB- born July 22 , 1965 -RRB- , better known by his ring name Shawn Michaels , is an former American professional wrestler , currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where he has served in an ambassadorial role since December 2010 .

Wotan protests that he requires a free hero -LRB- i.e. one that is not ruled by him -RRB- to aid his plans , but Fricka retorts that Siegmund is not a free hero , but Wotan 's creature and unwitting pawn . Backed into a corner , Wotan promises Fricka that Siegmund is to die .

Nitra is also one of the oldest cities in Slovakia and the country 's earliest political and cultural center .

The band later released the video compilation Motorvision , which was filmed at the Paramount Theatre in 1992 .

Built in 2003 at a cost of approximately Â # 5.5 million , entirely from donations of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community , it is located in the south-west London suburb of Morden , London Borough of Merton , next to Morden South railway station , approximately 700 yards from Morden Underground station .

Founded in 1913 , the club is named after the neighborhood of VÃ lerenga .

This was partly due , he believed , to the rise in social status of families who were not capable of producing many children but who rose because of the financial advantage of having a small number of children .

In 1995 , Gackt joined Malice Mizer as the group 's vocalist , lyricist and pianist .

Adenosine-5 ' - triphosphate -LRB- ATP -RRB- is a multifunctional nucleotide used in cells as a coenzyme .

Children who do not get adequate amounts of vitamin D are at increased risk of rickets .

He is best known for his work in the World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , but was released from his contract on May 21 , 2010 .

Scorpion stings lead to paralysis and Serket 's name describes this , as it means -LRB- she who -RRB- tightens the throat , however , Serket 's name also can be read as meaning -LRB- she who -RRB- causes the throat to breathe , and so , as well as being seen as stinging the unrighteous , Serket was seen as one who could cure scorpion stings and the effects of other poisons such as snake bites .

A legendary creature is a mythological or folkloric creature .

It was returned on September 18 , 2008 , by an anonymous source .

Iodine pentafluoride , IF5 , is a fluoride of iodine .

IvÃ n Luis Zamorano Zamora -LRB- born January 18 , 1967 in Santiago -RRB- is a retired Chilean football striker .

A court or courtyard is an enclosed area , often a space enclosed by a building that is open to the sky .

Ray rejected the system of dichotomous division by which species were classified according to a pre-conceived , either\/or type system , and instead classified plants according to similarities and differences that emerged from observation .

This is the calendar for any leap year starting on Thursday -LRB- dominical letter DC -RRB- , such as 2004 or 2032 .

In June 2000 , MTRCL proceeded with its plans to retrofit 2,960 pairs of platform screen doors at all 30 underground stations on the Kwun Tong Line , Tsuen Wan Line , and Island Line in a six year program .

Penalties ranging from fines to imprisonment have been imposed for such offences .

Whittier is on the northeast shore of the Kenai Peninsula , at the head of Passage Canal , on the west side of Prince William Sound .

As an official in post-independence 1960s Cameroon , Biya rose to prominence under President Ahmadou Ahidjo .

When his brother Orestes died in 1881 , he took over Mercurio library , that was mainly focused on editing teaching books and works translated from French .

Crystalline solids are found to have energy bands , instead of or in addition to energy levels .

Plant viruses tend to have single-stranded RNA genomes and bacteriophages tend to have double-stranded DNA genomes .

Yuki Takabayashi -LRB- born 22 May 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

Mental calculation comprises arithmetical calculations using only the human brain , with no help from calculators , computers , or pen and paper . People use mental calculation when computing tools are not available , when it is faster than other means of calculation -LRB- for example , conventional methods as taught in educational institutions -RRB- , or in a competition context .

In Corsica , vendetta was a social code that required Corsicans to kill anyone who wronged the family honor .

Dostoyevsky offered his story or novella -LRB- at the time Dostoyevsky was not thinking of a novel -RRB- to the publisher Mikhail Katkov , whose monthly journal , The Russian Messenger , was a prestigious publication of its kind , and the outlet for both Ivan Turgenev and Leo Tolstoy .

At age 10 , Tapia was already a professional musician , playing â Stars and Stripes Foreverâ for World War I troops in Hawaii .

Suppiluliuma II , the son of Tudhaliya IV , was the last known king of the New Kingdom of the Hittite Empire , ruling ca . 1207 â `` 1178 BC -LRB- short chronology -RRB- , contemporary with Tukulti-Ninurta I of Assyria .

The Church wanted to end this lay investiture because of the potential corruption , not only from vacant sees but also from other practices such as simony .

As a result of the redevelopment the State Library of Victoria could now be considered one of the largest exhibiting libraries in the world .

Edward Bawden , CBE , RA -LRB- 1903 -- 1989 -RRB- was a British painter , illustrator and graphic artist .

It is at between 4,500 and 4,800 m -LRB- 14,800 -- 15,800 ft -RRB- in the tropical Ecuadorian , Colombian , Venezuelan , and northern Peruvian Andes , rising to 4,800 -- 5,200 m -LRB- 15,800 -- 17,060 ft -RRB- in the drier mountains of southern Peru south to northern Chile south to about 30 Â S , then descending to 4500 m on Aconcagua at 32 Â S , 2000 m at 40 Â S , 500 m at 50 Â S , and only 300 m in Tierra del Fuego at 55 Â S ; from 50 Â S , several of the larger glaciers descend to sea level .

He has gone on to star in his own video games for the Nintendo DS : Freshly-Picked Tingle 's Rosy Rupeeland , currently released in Japan and Europe , and the Japan exclusive games Tingle 's Balloon Fight DS , Irodzuki Tincle no Koi no Balloon Trip , as well as the DSiWare application Dekisugi Tingle Pack .

The San Jose State Spartans is the name of the athletic teams representing San Jose State University .

Manabu Ikeda -LRB- born July 3 , 1983 -RRB- is a retired Japanese footballer .

The New Jersey State Prison -LRB- formerly Trenton State Prison -RRB- , which has two maximum security units , is located in Trenton .

Leopoldo II was driven from Tuscany by revolution from 21 February to 12 April 1849 , and again on 27 April 1859 .

McConnel set about improving Bryn Eglwys to increase its output and in 1865 his company earmarked money for the construction of a narrow gauge railway connecting the quarry with the port of Aberdyfi .

Her speech which caused the indignation of the goddess was rendered in the following manner :

Although the Greeks and Romans typically scorned Egypt 's animal-headed gods as bizarre and primitive -LRB- Anubis was known to be mockingly called `` Barker '' by the Greeks -RRB- , Anubis was sometimes associated with Sirius in the heavens , and Cerberus in Hades .

TSN is owned by CTV Specialty Television , a joint venture of Bell Media -LRB- 80 % -RRB- and ESPN -LRB- 20 % -RRB- .

Most developed countries ' voting power was reduced , while countries including Nigeria .

It has also been suggested that the World Bank is an instrument for the promotion of US or Western interests in certain regions of the world .

A few years later , in 1872 , at the age of 24 , Palisa became the director of the Austrian Naval Observatory in Pula .

These processes were first described in The Communist Manifesto -LRB- Marx and Engels , 1848 -RRB- and were expanded in Marx 's Grundrisse -LRB- 1857 -RRB- and `` Volume IV '' -LRB- 1863 -RRB- of Das Kapital . At its most basic , `` creative destruction '' -LRB- German : schÃ pferische ZerstÃ rung -RRB- describes the way in which capitalist economic development arises out of the destruction of some prior economic order , and this is largely the sense implied by the German Marxist sociologist Werner Sombart who has been credited with the first use of these terms in his work Krieg und Kapitalismus -LRB- `` War and Capitalism '' , 1913 -RRB- .

The total area is 22.72 kmÂ .

Foxes are a common subject of Japanese folklore ; in English , kitsune refers to them in this context .

The area of the town is 20.23 kmÂ .

The 2004 playoffs were considered to be wide open with no clear favorite .

DOE also sponsors more basic and applied scientific research than any other US federal agency ; most of this is funded through its system of United States Department of Energy National Laboratories .

The Danish , Faroese , Icelandic , Norwegian and Swedish languages are linguistically classified as North Germanic languages -LRB- also called Scandinavian languages -RRB- , while the Finnish and Sami languages are classified as members of the Finno-Lappic group of the Uralic lingual family , not related to the Scandinavian languages .

\* -LRB- tÅ # Å á Ï Ñ Å -RRB- -LRB- HÐ Î Ä Ä È Ê Ê á cents á á á á Ð Ò cents Ó Ó Î -- á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 `` á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á Ð Î -- -RRB- -LRB- Ã Ã Ã EÄ Ä Ä '' Ä -- á á á 3\/4 á '' á '' á ''

+ -LRB- -LRB- AÃ Ã Ã Ã Ã Ã

It was upon this research work of national ethnic identification that the State Council could be able to announce there are 56 ethnics in China .

Arby 's was founded in Boardman , Ohio , in 1964 by Forrest and Leroy Raffel , owners of a restaurant equipment business who believed there was a market opportunity for a fast food franchise based on a food other than hamburgers .

Flower vegetables include broccoli , cauliflower and artichoke .

As a teen he lived with Fred in California and learned from his brother the art of Scoutcraft , how to shoot , and how to ride the range , all in spite of his wooden leg .

The final blow to these efforts came in 1917 when Mexico passed laws prohibiting the sale of land to foreigners .

Silver iodate can be obtained by reacting silver nitrate -LRB- AgNO3 -RRB- with sodium iodate . The by-product of the reaction is sodium nitrate .

Hudson is a census-designated place -LRB- CDP -RRB- located at the westernmost end of Pasco County , Florida , United States and is included in the Tampa-St .

Gimnasia won both meetings against the Uruguayan teams : 5 â `` 2 against Nacional and 1 â `` 0 against PeÃ arol .

A nest is a place of refuge to hold an animal 's eggs and\/or provide a place to live or raise offspring .

James Nelson gave the course , which was based on the famous textbook by Paul Samuelson .

He also wrote papers dealing with other areas of economic theory , such as monetary economics or Ricardian equivalence and its relation to optimal growth .

GrÃ cents ce-Hollogne 35 .

Prasad created the American Gita Society -LRB- later renamed the International Gita Society -RRB- in 1984 in order to foster unity and goodwill between all religions and faiths of the world , through the teachings of the Bhagavad Gita .

Silla , which had accomplished an incomplete unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea in 668 , weakened and lost control over local lords during the end of the 9th century .

After some hesitation , Henry met with the exiled Thomas Arundel , former Archbishop of Canterbury , who had lost his position because of his involvement with the Lords Appellant .

A cockpit or flight deck is the area , usually near the front of an aircraft , from which a pilot controls the aircraft .

The town was first mentioned in 1283 , upon being granted its town charter by Wilhelm von Endorpe .

Clarence J. `` Clancy '' Brown III -LRB- born January 5 , 1959 -RRB- is an American actor and voice actor known for his roles as Byron Hadley in the award winning The Shawshank Redemption , Brother Justin Crowe in HBO 's critically acclaimed Carnivale , Career Sergeant Zim in Starship Troopers as well as for his role as the Kurgan in the cult classic Highlander .

After a TV drama producer heard her demo tape , her single , `` Yubikiri '' , was chosen as the insert song for the Fuji TV Monday drama Tokyo Wankei ~ Destiny of Love ~ .

The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park does not include the entire Great Barrier Reef Province .

All content for the publication is solicited from the PCLinuxOS user base .

At the 2000 census the population was 3,782 .

The first was in 1983 in a European Under-21 Championship qualifying match against Denmark , which England won 4 â `` 1 .

Carrow Road has never hosted a match involving the England national football team , but the England Under-21 team has played at the stadium on four occasions .

On May 15 , 1999 the Crew opened Columbus Crew Stadium , the first stadium built specifically for soccer in Major League Soccer , as the Crew beat the New England Revolution 2-0 before a sold-out crowd of 24,741 .

Stated differently , a common year always begins and ends on the same day of the week .

is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae .

These meditate upon events of Jesus ' life during his childhood -LRB- Joyful Mysteries -RRB- , Passion -LRB- Sorrowful Mysteries -RRB- , and from his Resurrection onwards -LRB- Glorious Mysteries -RRB- .

He was also chief conductor of the Houston Symphony from 1961 to 1967 , and was a guest conductor of many other orchestras including the BBC Symphony Orchestra , London Symphony Orchestra , the Philharmonia , the Berlin Philharmonic and the Vienna Philharmonic , making recordings with all these orchestras .

King of Arms is the senior rank of an officer of arms .

Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances .

If oxygen can enter , the wood might catch fire , and the production would be ruined .

Rio de Janeiro is one of the 27 states of Brazil .

The 2006 edition of this event was the second of two ECW pay-per-views produced by WWE , the first being One Night Stand . It was also the first ECW brand pay-per-view since its revival on June 13 , 2006 .

In 1976 , IMS was renamed to IMSAI Manufacturing Corporation because by then , they were a manufacturing company , not a consulting firm .

LÃ 1\/4 nen or Luenen is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .

In New Zealand , the song debuted at number 38 , the single 's first appearance in other countries chart outside North America , moving to number three the following week .

In 1955 the All Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference was the political party in power in Azad Kashmir , and is still an important force in the politics of the region .

Daniel J. Faulkner -LRB- December 21 , 1955 -- December 9 , 1981 -RRB- was a police officer in the American city of Philadelphia who was shot and killed in the line of duty . Mumia Abu-Jamal was convicted of first-degree murder for the shooting and sentenced to death .

He regularly played football in the backyard with two friends , Nelso and Pierpaolo as a child .

BEWARE : Omit `` px '' from marksize or width or else the map might span entire screen .

In a mainframe environment , to backspace means to move a magnetic tape backwards , typically to the previous block .

The song became the 1000th number-one single in the chart 's history , and the nineteenth song to debut at number one .

Released as the album 's lead single on February 11 , 2011 , the song was written by Lady Gaga and Jeppe Laursen , and it was produced by Gaga , Laursen , Fernando Garibay , and DJ White Shadow .

It lies on the shore of the Szczecin Lagoon , very close to the border with Germany .

It is bordered by Melrose on the north , Stoneham on the northwest , Medford on the west , Everett on the south , Revere on the east , and Saugus on the northeast .

From May 7 , 2008 to August 24 , 2010 Ahlhaus was state minister of the Interior in Hamburg .

Cape Race is a point of land located at the southeastern tip of the Avalon Peninsula on the island of Newfoundland , Canada .

In places such as the James Range , the Finke flows through deeply incised meanders -LRB- see Google Maps image -RRB- .

The scope of this article is limited to the Pacific Ocean to the north of the equator between 100th meridian east and the 180th meridian .

Platov currently coaches at the Princeton Sports Center in Monmouth Junction , New Jersey .

Prior to that , the network was based in Dallas , Texas . Radio Disney broadcasts music and other content targeted at children and young teenagers under age 16 ; its format can be described as a youth-targeted contemporary hit radio .

When the depression strengthened to Tropical Storm Chris , Tropical Storm Warnings were also issued for Saba , Sint Eustatius , Saint-Barth Ã lemy , and Saint Martin .

While studying , she also starred in the relatively successful arthouse film Bear 's Kiss , and voiced a character in the Swedish version of IMAX film T-Rex : Back to the Cretaceous .

His scribes do not record the names of Gandhara or Kamboja ; rather , they locate a dozen small political units in those territories .

It has also been suggested that the name may be derived from the Sinhalese name à à à 1\/2 - à à à à - à à à Kola-amba-thota which means `` Harbour with leafy mango trees '' .

Louis IX of France -LRB- Saint Louis -RRB- rebuilt the port in the 13th century as France 's only Mediterranean port at that time .

For example : would create a title List of airports in the United States and a body containing state names linked to List of airports in Alabama , List of airports in Alaska , etc. .

You can enter for this value as a shortcut .

Old schools of Japanese jujutsu include :

Roblox users can script the places they design with an extremely restricted , sandboxed attempt at Lua 5.1 .

In other cultures a death mask may be a clay or another artifact placed on the face of the deceased before burial rites .

From 2001 to 2005 , Gonzales served in the Bush Administration as White House Counsel .

The third model , seen in Revenge of the Cybermen , was a much larger , snake-like cybermat that could be remotely controlled and could inject poison into its victims .

They also appeared in the Doctor Who spin-off Torchwood in its fourth episode , `` Cyberwoman '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .

Thus , until that time it was necessary to be fluent in reading and writing hanja in order to be literate in Korean , as the vast majority of Korean literature and most other Korean documents were written in hanja . Today , hanja plays a different role .

Clarques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

Zinc ores continue to be the primary source of indium , where it is found in compound form .

A castle -LRB- from Latin castellum -RRB- is a type of fortified structure built in Europe and the Middle East during the Middle Ages .

It is a very famous tourist spot .

Enrique FernÃ ndez Romero -LRB- born June 23 , 1971 -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a left defender .

Sapignies is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

At 14 , he moved to Copenhagen to seek employment as an actor .

Making his debut in the 2004 â `` 05 season , he broke his team record for the youngest footballer to score a league goal .

His patronesses would pick a model , which would then be sewn in fabrics of their choice and tailored to their figure .

Aschenbach is pleased to notice that Tadzio does not betray his follower 's presence to his mother .

A dissertation or thesis is a document submitted in support of candidature for an academic degree or professional qualification presenting the author 's research and findings .

Originally , he had to rescue his girlfriend Pauline in Donkey Kong from Donkey Kong .

John Macarthur -LRB- 1767 â `` 11 April 1834 -RRB- was a soldier , entrepreneur , politician and pioneer of the Australian wool industry .

Archie 's first appearance in Pep Comics # 22 on December 22 , 1941 , was drawn by Montana and written by Vic Bloom .

At the time , however , the area was not so clearly defined and changed frequently .

Damage from Fay was heavy , estimated at $ 560 million .

On 2 February 1841 , Maryland-in-Africa became the State of Maryland .

In a few special cases , an unreleased album may qualify for an advance article if there is sufficient verifiable and properly referenced information about itâ '' for example , Guns ` n Roses ' 2008 album Chinese Democracy had an article as early as 2004 .

It crossed the YucatÃ n Peninsula while still a tropical depression from September 27 , then strengthened northward in the Gulf , becoming the most powerful Category 4 Atlantic hurricane before making a second landfall , October 4 , in the Florida Panhandle near Pensacola as a 115-mph -LRB- 185-km\/h -RRB- hurricane .

In 1780 , his long-time business partner Thomas Bentley died , and Wedgwood turned to Darwin for help in running the business .

The track layout was inspired from the Chinese character shang -LRB- ä -RRB- the first character in the name of the city Shanghai , meaning `` above '' or `` ascend '' .

He is best known for his time in Ring of Honor -LRB- ROH -RRB- , where he is a former ROH World Champion .

Founded by textile traders and merchants , The Guardian had a reputation as `` an organ of the middle class '' , or in the words of C.P. Scott 's son Ted `` a paper that will remain bourgeois to the last '' .

She has played violin 4th through 8th grade .

In February 2009 , Kara came back with their follow-up song on their album `` Honey '' .

Common sense must be applied where it most pertains , and in particular it must be remembered that anyone can pass themselves off as anyone on the Internet .

The Wikipedia article-edit window is not designed for side-by-side editing , due to the formatted preview-article usually being on the top-half the page , while the edit-buffer is typically far below -LRB- near page bottom -RRB- .

The main market offers goods from food to electronic gadgets .

The municipality key consists of eight digits , which are generated as follows : The first two numbers designate the individual German state .

In his speeches in the late 1920s , Nazi leader Adolf Hitler complained bitterly about the presence of Jewish conductors at the Berlin opera , and mentioned Walter a number of times , adding to Walter 's name the phrase , `` alias Schlesinger . ''

NuillÃ - sur-Vicoin is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .

Video poker is a single-player computer game that functions much like a slot machine ; most video poker machines play draw poker , where the player bets , a hand is dealt , and the player can discard and replace cards .

The most popular stud variant today , seven-card stud , deals two extra cards to each player -LRB- three face-down , four face-up -RRB- from which they must make the best possible 5-card hand .

At the end of the last betting round , if more than one player remains , there is a showdown , in which the players reveal their previously hidden cards and evaluate their hands .

The most common props are balls or beanbags , rings , clubs , and special bounce balls .

They also construct a bolas made of a single thread , tipped with a large ball of very wet sticky silk .

Bailleulmont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

It is in Zone 2 and has two platforms .

A list of standards published by the International Organization for Standardization .

Miskolc 's football team also got its name from DiÃ sgyÅ ` r , since their stadium stands there .

It is a World Heritage Site -LRB- as determined by UNESCO -RRB- with much of the island protected within Rapa Nui National Park .

Hephaestus and Aphrodite had an arranged marriage and Aphrodite , disliking the idea of being married to unsightly Hephaestus , began an affair with Ares , the god of war .

One by one , each car in the group will return to the lobby floor , open its doors and shut down .

The letter Aleph contains the largest number of articles , and six and a half volumes are accorded to it -LRB- more than 30 % of the anticipated number of volumes -RRB- .

Chanay is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

As well , organ trios tend to be focused on , or built around the sound of the organ .

It is also possible to see quite plainly the negative curvature of the hyperbolic plane , through its effect on the sum of angles in triangles and squares .

Altricial , meaning `` requiring nourishment '' , refers to a pattern of growth and development in organisms which are incapable of moving around on their own soon after hatching or being born .

VÃ lu is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

She was the only featured singer at the 2009 presidential inauguration of Barack Obama .

Helmut Rahn , known as Der Boss -LRB- The Boss -RRB- , -LRB- 16 August 1929 in Essen â `` 14 August 2003 -RRB- was a German football player .

It is the second-busiest passenger airport in Japan , busiest air freight hub in Japan , and eighth-busiest air freight hub in the world . It serves as the main international hub of Japan 's flag carrier Japan Airlines , All Nippon Airways and Nippon Cargo Airlines .

Furthermore , we pledge that The Political Cesspool will correct any meaningful error or fact .

The vase -LRB- , , or -RRB- is an open container , often used to hold cut flowers .

The upper side of the wings are black with the hind wing having two rows of submarginal spots : the first row , white ; and the second row , pink .

In 1564 , Dee wrote the Hermetic work Monas Hieroglyphica -LRB- `` The Hieroglyphic Monad '' -RRB- , an exhaustive Cabalistic interpretation of a glyph of his own design , meant to express the mystical unity of all creation .

The novel was first published on 17 October 2005 in the United Kingdom , with a United States edition following on 8 November 2005 .

Eminentissimum ac reverendissimum Dominum , Dominum -LRB- First Name -RRB- , SanctÃ RomanÃ EcclesiÃ Cardinalem -LRB- Last Name -RRB- , Qui sibi nomen imposuit -LRB- Papal Name -RRB- .

In May 2010 Google rolled out SSL-encrypted web search .

A Google representative stated , `` It 's in keeping with our vision of a unified Google search experience to make popular , useful features part of the default experience , rather than maintain different versions of Google .

The Australian Constitution does not include a Bill of Rights .

These difficulties led to the failure of several attempts to bring about federation in the 1850s and 1860s .

Forty-four proposals to amend the Constitution have been voted on at referendums , of which eight have been approved .

This power has been held to be unconstrained by any other provision , such as Section 99 which forbids giving preference to one State or part thereof over another State or part thereof .

In human kind , mutual grooming is quite related to social grooming , which is defined as the process by which human beings fulfill one of their basic instincts , such as socializing , cooperating and learning from each other .

She opened her first bordello in 1920 , under the protection of mobster Dutch Schultz and a friend of mobster Charles `` Lucky '' Luciano .

SU Remix -RRB- E. Black Sun Empire - Driving Insane F. Black Sun Empire - The Rat -LRB- Kemal Remix -RRB- G. Black Sun Empire - Stasis H. Black Sun Empire & Stu - Swipe

However , Senna would have had to drop two third places unlike Prost who would only have to drop a fourth and a fifth -LRB- if they both finish in the top 3 -RRB- .

Boutsen won ahead of Senna , Piquet , Patrese , Warwick and Bernard .

Authors tell the fable that Ceres was Proserpina 's mother , and that Proserpina while playing one day was raped by Pluto .

Broward County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .

Basque has no official standing in the Northern Basque Country of France and French citizens are barred from officially using Basque in a French court of law .

Emanuel Lasker -LRB- December 24 , 1868 -- January 11 , 1941 -RRB- was a German chess player , mathematician , and philosopher who was World Chess Champion for 27 years .

It is commonly referred to as just `` Ja , vi elsker '' -LRB- `` Yes , we love '' -RRB- .

The gymnosperms and angiosperms together comprise the spermatophytes or seed plants . By far the largest group of living gymnosperms are the conifers -LRB- pines , cypresses , and relatives -RRB- , followed by cycads , Gnetales -LRB- Gnetophyta , Ephedra and Welwitschia -RRB- , and Ginkgo -LRB- a single living species -RRB- .

In August 2007 , both Quax and Brown were polling `` neck and neck '' .

His campaign speech focused on delivering public transport , public ownership of the region 's public assets , environmental protection , economic and social development .

Total damages have been estimated at $ 81.2 billion , and at least 1,836 people were killed by the storm ; Katrina is the costliest hurricane in U.S. history , surpassing 1992 's Hurricane Andrew , and the deadliest hurricane in the U.S. since 1928 .

That position was abolished in 1947 , and Royall served as the first Secretary of the Army -LRB- a successory position -RRB- from 1947 to 1949 .

When Crane let him back to the table , Moore ran 142 balls .

However , Moore 's health declined rapidly that same year .

Cowboy Jimmy Moore -LRB- September 14 , 1910 â `` November 17 , 1999 -RRB- , born James William Moore , was a world-class American pocket billiards -LRB- pool -RRB- player originally from Troup County , Georgia , and for most of his life a resident of Albuquerque , New Mexico , best known for his mastery in the game of straight pool -LRB- 14.1 continuous -RRB- .

Although the Saudi involvement in mosques around the world can be traced back to the 1960s , it was not until later in the twentieth century that the government of Saudi Arabia became a large influence in foreign mosques .

George Turner -LRB- 2 April 1841 -- 29 Mar 1910 -RRB- was an English landscape artist and farmer who has been dubbed `` Derbyshire 's John Constable '' .

The BahÃ ' Ã faith is considered apostate in Iran because it believes in a prophet -LRB- BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h -RRB- more recent than Muhammad , in contradiction of Islamic teachings , where it is held that Muhammad is the last and final messenger sent to mankind .

Rully is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

TÃ mea Babos and Sloane Stephens won the title , because their opponents - An-Sophie Mestach and Silvia NjiriÄ withdrew before the final match .

This county has a total area of 6,621 kmÂ .

Several moths in the family Tineidae are commonly regarded as pests because their larvae eat fabric such as clothes and blankets made from natural proteinaceous fibers such as wool or silk .

They note that by ages five to six , children begin to develop a sense of modesty , and recommend to parents who wish to be sensitive to their children 's wishes that they limit such activities from that age onwards .

Peyzieux-sur-Sa Ã ne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

The cell used as the donor for the cloning of Dolly was taken from a mammary gland , and the production of a healthy clone therefore proved that a cell taken from a specific part of the body could recreate a whole individual .

The first written mention of the settlementâ s name goes back to 1239 , when Villa Nowa -LRB- Nova -RRB- was part of the VÃ rtes estate of the CsÃ k clan .

Certain artistic traditions that originated in the Byzantine Empire , particularly in regard to icon painting and church architecture , are maintained in Greece , Serbia , Bulgaria , Russia and other Eastern Orthodox countries to the present day .

Powell completed his fifth novel , What 's Become of Waring , in late 1938 or early 1939 .

Anagen is the active growth phase of hair follicles .

Green tea originates from China and has become associated with many cultures in Asia from Japan and South Korea to the Middle East .

After the outbreak of the liberal revolution in his lands in 1821 , he abdicated in favor of his brother , Charles Felix .

Schnottwil is a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg , in the canton of Solothurn , Switzerland .

New York wins the series 4 â `` 0 .

Gojra Tehsil is a subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Toba Tek Singh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .

Pelves is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

A number of species manage to live on sub-Antarctic islands like South Georgia and the Auckland Islands .

In 1945 , Parajanov traveled to Moscow , enrolled in the directing department at the VGIK , one of the oldest and highly respected film schools of Europe , and studied under the tutelage of directors Igor Savchenko and Aleksandr Dovzhenko .

Parajanov was born to artistically-gifted Armenian parents Iosif Paradjanov and Siranush Bejanova , in Tbilisi , Georgia .

Benchmarking conducted by PassMark Software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 MB memory utilization .

The new baronets were each required to pay 2000 marks or to support six settlers for two years .

Other common misspellings include `` equiptment '' -LRB- for `` equipment '' -RRB- , `` independant '' -LRB- for `` independent '' -RRB- , `` readible '' -LRB- for readable -RRB- , or `` usible '' -LRB- for usable\/useable -RRB- .

In 1947 he was appointed assistant lecturer in music at the University of Cambridge , subsequently lecturer -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , and professor -LRB- 1962 -RRB- .

Gregory Margovsky was born in 1963 in Minsk .

Regina and Nemenyi were reported to have had an affair in 1942 , and he made monthly child support payments to her , paying for Fischer 's schooling until his own death in 1952 .

Hayes began a stage career at an early age .

Molar conductivity is defined as the conductivity of an electrolyte solution divided by the molar concentration of the electrolyte , and so measures the efficiency with which a given electrolyte conducts electricity in solution .

Cough suppressants are used if the cough is not productive -LRB- nothing is being coughed up -RRB- .

Furbies sold for over $ 300 in newspapers and in auctions .

Lafontaine rose to prominence locally as mayor of SaarbrÃ 1\/4 cken and became more widely known as a critic of chancellor Helmut Schmidt 's support for the NATO plan to deploy Pershing II missiles in Germany .

Thus the French emblem was adopted and is currently used on passports .

He played in the NHL for the St. Louis Blues .

Just as in mechanics , the system will tend towards lower values of potential and at equilibrium , under these constraints , the potential will take on an unchanging minimum value .

As a result , WWE created the WWE Divas Championship and introduced it in a storyline on the June 6 , 2008 episode of Friday Night SmackDown when then SmackDown General Manager Vickie Guerrero announced the creation of the title .

The World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- Divas Championship is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment . It is competed for by WWE Divas .

With the first WWE Brand Extension , a storyline division in which WWE assigns its employees to a different program , the other being Raw , in 2002 , the WWE Women 's Championship was to be defended on both brands . At some point that year , however , it became exclusive to the Raw brand .

Field Marshal Douglas Haig , 1st Earl Haig , KT , GCB , OM , GCVO , KCIE , ADC , also commonly known as ` Butcher Haig ' , -LRB- 19 June 1861 â `` 29 January 1928 -RRB- was a British senior officer during World War I. He commanded the British Expeditionary Force -LRB- BEF -RRB- from 1915 to the end of the War , he was notable as the British commander with the most casualties under his command , in total 2 million British soldiers , it was for this record he was dubbed `` Butcher Haig '' .

British Rail 's Class 27 comprised 69 diesel locomotives built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company -LRB- BRCW -RRB- during 1961 and 1962 .

Her mother was a niece of Louis XIV and her father a son of Eleanor of Austria , Queen of Poland .

In modern usage , snafu is sometimes used as an interjection . Snafu also sometimes refers to a bad situation , mistake , or cause of trouble .

James Carey -LRB- born May 31 , 1974 in Dorchester , Massachusetts -RRB- , is a retired American ice hockey goaltender who played for the Washington Capitals , Boston Bruins and St. Louis Blues in the NHL .

The Communist Party of China took over all of mainland China and founded the People 's Republic of China in Beijing , leading to two rival governments claiming to be the sole legitimate government of `` China '' .

In response , Roman forces were moved downstream , to cross the Euphrates at a more southerly point .

Thallium can also be obtained from the smelting of lead and zinc ores .

In 1948 Aker , the greatest and the most populous municipality of Akershus , was transferred to county of Oslo .

Cal student-athletes compete intercollegiately as the California Golden Bears .

To avoid pacing issues , they split the final part in two , adding several scenes to fill the remaining time .

The gang then started traveling east along the explorer Charles Hunt 's established route .

324 Bamberga is one of the largest asteroids in the main asteroid belt .

It is usually made as a large tart in an open pie shell without a top crust .

Nominations then reopened , with Tony Brown being the only candidate put forward .

The term Cetartiodactyla reflects the idea that whales evolved within the artiodactyls .

Charles Stewart Parnell -LRB- 27 June 1846 â `` 6 October 1891 -RRB- was an Irish Anglican landowner , nationalist political leader , land reform agitator , and the founder and leader of the Irish Parliamentary Party .

The Women 's National Basketball Association -LRB- WNBA -RRB- is a women 's professional basketball league in the United States .

Potatoes are also produced in the south -LRB- Sierra de Neiba -RRB- .

RÃ clÃ re is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .

Les Breuleux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .

It was announced prior to the start of the season that Hamilton would be partnering defending double World Champion Fernando Alonso who had joined McLaren after leaving Renault .

Vonnegut smoked unfiltered Pall Mall cigarettes , a habit he referred to as a `` classy way to commit suicide '' .

In December 2006 John Laing plc was acquired by the Private Equity arm of Henderson Group .

The company was founded by Chung Ju-yung in 1947 as the Hyundai Civil Works Company , and was a major component of the Hyundai Group . Hyundai Construction and Hyundai Engineering merged in 1999 .

Atheist as a label of practical godlessness was used at least as early as 1577 .

Egegik is a city in Lake and Peninsula Borough , Alaska , United States .

The function so defined is the totient function . The totient is usually called the Euler totient or Euler 's totient , after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler , who studied it .

The exact distance from the Sun to the galactic center is actively debated .

For an example see Help talk : Archiving a talk page .

' , where name is the -LRB- UCI -RRB- - code of the cycling team , and year -LRB- optional -RRB- is year .

Thus , some flags were in slightly different colors and had the `` C '' wholly within the center stripe .

He is also a regular in the Scottish national team . Brown started his professional career with Hibernian and won the 2007 Scottish League Cup , which was Hibs first major trophy win in 16 years .

In all , the skeleton of Epidexipteryx hui measures 25 centimeters -LRB- 10 inches -RRB- in length -LRB- 44.5 cm or 17.5 in including the incomplete tail feathers -RRB- , and the authors estimated a weight of 164 grams , smaller than most other basal avialans .

It was released in the United Kingdom on 4 September 2000 and in the United States on 21 May 2001 .

Narita is a city located in Chiba , Japan . It is the site of Narita International Airport , the main international airport serving the Greater Tokyo Area .

Muhen is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

During her short reign , Jane resided in the Tower of London .

Kristopher Neil `` Kris '' Allen -LRB- born June 21 , 1985 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter from Conway , Arkansas , and the winner of the eighth season of American Idol .

James has two tattoos : an Asian symbol meaning Love on her ankle and a dragon that wraps around it .

The Maroon Berets are the special forces organization of the Turkish Army .

A general discussion of the use of templates for adding citations to Wikipedia articles is available at Citation templates .

Krall and British musician Elvis Costello were married on December 6 , 2003 at Elton John 's estate outside London .

If the above normal parameter syntax were used , the '' = '' would be understood as an operator , not a parameter .

The article is about the order of chivalry known as `` Star of India '' .

What we see is an RNA-strand being constructed , and hence the exact positions of the DNA , polymerase and RNA during this process . ''

Late on the 19th , it regained tropical depression status , and on the 21st was named Tropical Storm Helene while in the southeastern Gulf of Mexico .

The island of Padar and part of Rincah have been established as nature reserves in 1938 .

And thus Russia became the center to the world 's illness ... if for any reason , one nation would endure the existence of a single Jewish family , that family would eventually become the center of a new plot .

One can not expect them to fit into a state that requires order and discipline .

This was often done by following a chalkline .

Several Finno-Ugric Sami languages are spoken and written throughout the country , especially in the north , by the Sami people .

Soldier is a city in Monona County , Iowa , United States , along the Soldier River .

He stayed around the music business throughout the 1970s , first as a backup for artists like country artist Loretta Lynn , and occasionally recording his own material .

Pairs of towers on the east and west facades served as gates through which the rue Saint-Antoine passed .

It has already started to impact -LRB- indirectly -RRB- scholarship in Eastern and Oriental thought , including research on the impetus of philosophical thinking in the history of ideas in Islam .

Although Scheler later criticised Husserl 's idealistic logical approach and proposed instead a `` phenomenology of love '' , he states that he remained `` deeply indebted '' to Husserl throughout his work .

In other words , you can have a proper presentation of an object if it is actually present , and an improper -LRB- or symbolic as he also calls it -RRB- if you only can indicate that object through signs , symbols , etc. .

Ludwig Landgrebe became assistant to Husserl in 1923 .

The reason why we do not deal with sensible objects in mathematics is because of another faculty of understanding called `` categorial abstraction . ''

However , the numerical star designations in this book are still used and are known as Flamsteed designations .

The 389th and last -500 was delivered to All Nippon Airlines on July 26 , 1999 .

After 40 years , the final 737-200 aircraft in the United States flying scheduled passenger service were phased out on March 31 , 2008 with the last flights of Aloha Airlines -LRB- Aloha continues to fly its interisland cargo flights as Aloha Air Cargo -RRB- .

Claggart returns , and tells Vere that Billy poses a threat of mutiny .

The monsoon trough is that portion of the Intertropical Convergence Zone -LRB- ITCZ -RRB- which extends into or through a monsoon circulation , as depicted by a line on a weather map showing the locations of minimum sea level pressure , and as such , is a convergence zone between the wind patterns of the southern and northern hemispheres .

Over 6,800 Torres Strait Islanders live on the Islands and 42,000 live on the mainland .

Following shareholders ' approval at the EGMs of Abbey -LRB- 95 per cent voted in favor , despite vocal opposition from most of those present -RRB- and Santander , the acquisition was formally approved by the courts and Abbey became part of Grupo Santander on 12 November 2004 .

The seed is hard , white and oily .

Hereford has a `` City Council '' but this is actually a parish council with city status , and has only limited powers .

Luther is a 1928 film about the life of Martin Luther , father of the Protestant Reformation .

Marcelo Rosada Silva -LRB- born 29 January 1976 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .

In his journalistic work , he reportedly ran into problems with the authorities of at least two countries .

Maurizio Giuliano -LRB- born 1975 -RRB- is an Italian-British traveller , author and journalist .

Two of those sincere approval votes do not distinguish between any of the candidates : vote for none of the candidates and vote for all of the candidates .

On September 11 , 1646 , Odoardo died .

An image , or image point or region , is in focus if light from object points is converged almost as much as possible in the image , and out of focus if light is not well converged .

The honey badger has a fairly long body , but is distinctly thick set and broad across the back .

The other DNA strand is called the coding strand , because its sequence is the same as the newly created RNA transcript -LRB- except for the substitution of uracil for thymine -RRB- .

Anthony Stokes -LRB- born 25 July 1988 in Dublin -RRB- is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish Premier League club Celtic .

The water lily is an example of such a plant .

Wilhelm Frick was the Interior Minister , Baldur von Schirach was the Hitler Youth leader and Heinrich Himmler was head of the SS and police .

Alban Berg 's Violin Concerto was written in 1935 -LRB- the score is dated August 11 , 1935 -RRB- .

Robots can also be found in military applications .

This eliminates the problem caused by the names dollar , franc and pound being used in dozens of different countries , each having significantly differing values .

Much of it was filmed in the Marquette County Courthouse in Marquette .

Public , post-secondary education in Alabama is overseen by the Alabama Commission on Higher Education .

Trieste will be connected to the Italian TAV railway network : a 300 km\/hour fast train route is going to connect Trieste with Venice in the next years .

In the episode , Mr. Burns wishes to pursue other interests and therefore decides to sells his power plant to two German investors for $ 100 million .

In 1979 , Lascaux was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Sites list along with other prehistoric sites in the VÃ zÃ re valley .

Ida was discovered on 29 September 1884 by Austrian astronomer Johann Palisa at the Vienna Observatory .

The following players were also called up over the past season .

Despite the longstanding intention of Canadian governments to indigenise the office and appoint Canadian nationals as governors general â '' Australia had long since done so with the appointment of Sir Isaac Isaacs as its governor general â '' wartime seemed an unpropitious time for constitutional tinkering ; the Royal Family had garnered vast public support during the Royal Tour of 1939 ; as Queen Mary 's brother and a former governor general of another of His Majesty 's Dominions -LRB- as they were then styled -RRB- Lord Athlone seemed a satisfactory candidate notwithstanding considerations of talent , and Mackenzie King advised the King to appoint him .

The Honourable Society of the Middle Temple , commonly known as Middle Temple , is one of the four Inns of Court exclusively entitled to call their members to the English Bar as barristers ; the others being the Inner Temple , Gray 's Inn and Lincoln 's Inn .

Stan Mikita is the franchise leader in assists -LRB- 926 -RRB- and points -LRB- 1467 -RRB- , and Bobby Hull is the leader in goals -LRB- 604 -RRB- .

It did not take me long to choose between a sandy berth -LRB- sic -RRB- to the right and a ten-ton truck to the left !

It is the fourth busiest airport in the world -LRB- as of 2010 -RRB- in terms of total passenger traffic and it handles more international passengers than any other airport in the world . It is also the busiest airport in the European Union in terms of passenger traffic and the second busiest in Europe in terms of traffic movements , second to Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport near Paris , France .

It was formed from the Cavalry Brigade `` BiaÅ ystok '' , which existed between February 1929 , and March 30 , 1937 .

When electric current flows in a circuit , it can transfer energy to do mechanical or thermodynamic work .

Glenns Ferry is a city in Elmore County , Idaho , United States .

Moreilles is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .

However , the advantage of an extraterrestrial origin of primitive life is that life is not required to have evolved on each planet it occurs on , but rather in a single location , and then spread about the galaxy to other star systems via cometary and\/or meteorite impact .

Bourgon is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .

Boston won all but six games , finishing with a 38 â `` 5 â `` 1 record , the best winning percentage for any team in a season .

Desperate to win back his daughter 's love , Homer gives Lisa the one thing she has always wanted : a pony .

Before Ghalib , letter writing in Urdu was highly ornamental .

He proposed that each element consists of atoms of a single , unique type , and that these atoms can join together to form chemical compounds .

None of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with Wikipedia , in any way whatsoever , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .

The station is in Travelcard Zone 3 .

Beginning with the 1924 Games , the Winter Olympics would continue to be held in the same year as the Summer Games until 1992 .

Collagen -LRB- Ë kÉ ' lÉ dÊ ' É n -RRB- is a group of naturally occurring proteins .

Vince was the 20th named tropical cyclone and 12th hurricane of the extremely active season .

Conservation efforts began in the 1890s , but they were not very successful until the implementation of the Kakapo Recovery Plan in the 1980s .

He has also played a good deal of chamber music , often with the pianist Emanuel Ax , with whom he has a close friendship back from their days together at the Juilliard School of Music in New York .

Hydrography 's origin lies in the making of chart like drawings and notations made by individual mariners .

The track reached No. 1 on Billboard Hot 100 for five weeks , having had the longest stay at number one for the entire year .

The 2002 Commonwealth Games were held in Manchester , England from 25 July to 4 August 2002 .

West Yorkshire encompasses the West Yorkshire Urban Area , which is the most built-up and biggest urban area within the historic county boundaries of Yorkshire .

Walter Matthau -LRB- October 1 , 1920 -- July 1 , 2000 -RRB- was an American actor best known for his role as Oscar Madison in The Odd Couple and his frequent collaborations with Odd Couple star Jack Lemmon , as well as his role as Coach Buttermaker in the 1976 comedy The Bad News Bears .

San Andreas is serviced by eleven radio stations ; WCTR -LRB- talk radio -RRB- , Master Sounds 98.3 -LRB- rare groove , playing many of the old funk and soul tracks sampled by 1990s hip-hop artists -RRB- , K-Jah West -LRB- dub and reggae ; modeled after K-Jah from GTA III -RRB- , CSR -LRB- New Jack Swing , Modern Soul -RRB- , Radio X -LRB- alternative rock , metal and grunge -RRB- , Radio Los Santos -LRB- gangsta rap -RRB- , SF-UR -LRB- old school Chicago house music -RRB- , Bounce FM -LRB- funk -RRB- , K-DST -LRB- classic rock -RRB- , K-Rose -LRB- country -RRB- and Playback FM -LRB- classic hip hop -RRB- .

The simplest explanation for the symmetrical punctuations in plasma flow are `` extended arcs or rings of material '' orbiting Rhea in its equatorial plane .

Framingham has three major business districts within the town , The `` Golden Triangle , '' Downtown\/South Framingham and West Framingham .

Other Formula One races , which did not count towards the World Championship , also held in 1950 .

After independence , the viceroy in Sierra Leone was the Governor-General of Sierra Leone .

A magnetic field is a field of force produced by moving electric charges , by electric fields that vary in time , and by the ` intrinsic ' magnetic field of elementary particles associated with the spin of the particle .

Meanwhile at Redwall Abbey , two stoats run off with the Sword of Martin the Warrior after accidentally killing Brother Hal with a bow and arrow lying out from a carnival the night before , and young Samkim , a mischievous squirrel , and his partner Arula the molemaid set off to claim back the sword .

Newport Pagnell became the headquarters of Newport Pagnell Rural District under the Local Government Act 1894 . In 1897 Newport Pagnell became the sole civil parish comprising the newly created Newport Pagnell Urban District .

Lightcurve analysis indicates that Eugenia 's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- -30 Â , 124 Â -RRB- with a 10 Â uncertainty , which gives it an axial tilt of 117 Â .

In 2002 it was nominated in the category Hugo Award for Best Related Book It won the 2002 Locus Award for Non-Fiction .

After resigning from his Asimov 's position , he remained the editor of the anthology series The Year 's Best Science Fiction , published annually since 1984 .

Two types of chambers are contemplated by Article 26 : firstly , chambers for special categories of cases , and second , the formation of ad hoc chambers to hear particular disputes .

Opened with the first stage of the line in 1968 , the depot is next to Northumberland Park railway station , on Tottenham Marshes , Tottenham in the London Borough of Haringey .

DrÄ guÅ eni is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .

Species of the genus Tetrastigma serve as hosts to parasitic plants in the family Rafflesiaceae .

The Countess dictates a love letter for Susanna to give to the Count , which suggests that he meet her that night , `` under the pines '' .

Cherubino arrives , eager to be dressed up by the Countess and Susanna .

Le nozze di Figaro , ossia la folle giornata -LRB- The Marriage of Figaro , or The Day of Madness -RRB- , K. 492 , is an opera buffa -LRB- comic opera -RRB- composed in 1786 in four acts by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , with Italian libretto by Lorenzo Da Ponte , based on a stage comedy by Pierre Beaumarchais , La folle journÃ e , ou le Mariage de Figaro -LRB- 1784 -RRB- .

The Thousand Islands Bridge is an international bridge system over the Saint Lawrence River connecting northern New York in the United States with southeastern Ontario in Canada .

All Angara versions will be marketed for commercial launches , with the price for an Angara 1.1 launch estimated to be about $ 20 million .

3 Applications in Psychotherapy Vol .

Zlata 's Diary -LRB- ISBN 0-14-024205-8 -RRB- is a book by Zlata FilipoviÄ , who was a young girl living in Sarajevo while it was under siege in 1992 . Zlata wrote her diary -LRB- whom she called Mimmy -RRB- from 1991 to 1993 during the Bosnian war .

Gorillaz is a musical project created in 1998 by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett .

All three types of licenses are available for Windows XP Professional -LRB- 32-bit and 64-bit -RRB- .

It is Australia 's largest airline , the third oldest in the world .

July starts on the same day of the week as April every year , and January in leap years .

Colombia signed a Free Trade Agreement with the United States amidst opposition by Venezuela .

Emperor KÅ shÅ ; also known as Mimatsuhikokaeshine no Mikoto ; was the 5th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .

The Saalburg , a restored Roman castellum , now houses a museum .

Therefore the first four chapters lay out his case that selection in nature , caused by the struggle for existence , is analogous to the selection of variations under domestication , and that the accumulation of adaptive variations provides a scientifically testable mechanism for evolutionary speciation .

Tropical waves in the Atlantic basin develop from disturbances which develop as far east as Sudan in east Africa and drift over the continent into the Atlantic ocean .

Approximately 30 seconds from the end of the song , Noel can be heard -LRB- distortedly -RRB- singing the chorus from `` Octopus 's Garden '' by The Beatles .

`` Publicly Perform '' means to perform public recitations of the Work and to communicate to the public those public recitations , by any means or process , including by wire or wireless means or public digital performances ; to make available to the public Works in such a way that members of the public may access these Works from a place and at a place individually chosen by them ; to perform the Work to the public by any means or process and the communication to the public of the performances of the Work , including by public digital performance ; to broadcast and rebroadcast the Work by any means including signs , sounds or images .

Notwithstanding the above , Licensor reserves the right to release the Work under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any time ; provided , however that any such election will not serve to withdraw this License -LRB- or any other license that has been , or is required to be , granted under the terms of this License -RRB- , and this License will continue in full force and effect unless terminated as stated above .

`` Original Author '' means , in the case of a literary or artistic work , the individual , individuals , entity or entities who created the Work or if no individual or entity can be identified , the publisher ; and in addition -LRB- i -RRB- in the case of a performance the actors , singers , musicians , dancers , and other persons who act , sing , deliver , declaim , play in , interpret or otherwise perform literary or artistic works or expressions of folklore ; -LRB- ii -RRB- in the case of a phonogram the producer being the person or legal entity who first fixes the sounds of a performance or other sounds ; and , -LRB- iii -RRB- in the case of broadcasts , the organization that transmits the broadcast .

`` Collection '' means a collection of literary or artistic works , such as encyclopedias and anthologies , or performances , phonograms or broadcasts , or other works or subject matter other than works listed in Section 1 -LRB- f -RRB- below , which , by reason of the selection and arrangement of their contents , constitute intellectual creations , in which the Work is included in its entirety in unmodified form along with one or more other contributions , each constituting separate and independent works in themselves , which together are assembled into a collective whole .

Flatbreads such as roti , naan , lavash , sangak , yufka , matzo or matzah , lafa , and tortilla are used in many parts of the world .

A special prominence was also attached to this council because the persecution of Christians had just ended with the February 313 Edict of Milan by Emperors Constantine and Licinius .

It is also used for music concerts and other sporting events .

Its primary use is as the home to Queen 's Park F.C. , the Scotland national football team and Scottish cup finals .

The 1976 Final was also held at Hampden , when FC Bayern Munich defeated AS Saint-Etienne .

It was founded in 1995 by Kazuyo Sejima and Ryue Nishizawa .

It is also known as the Song of Solomon , Solomon 's Song of Songs , or as Canticles , the latter from the shortened and anglicized Vulgate title Canticum Canticorum -LRB- Latin , `` Song of Songs '' -RRB- .

Reitnau is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .

A movie projector is an opto-mechanical device for displaying moving pictures by projecting them on a projection screen .

Haines and Shaw completed the album in April and by this time had found a new label for their release â `` Restless Records â `` the L.A. indie record company that promoted such acts as They Might Be Giants , Agent Orange , and The Dead Milkmen .

Breeza is a locality in New South Wales , Australia .

Catherine persuades Eleanor to show her Mrs. Tilney 's rooms , but General Tilney suddenly appears .

She is the daughter of Hong Kong Chinese-Filipina singer Teresa Carpio , with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer .

She made her Broadway debut in Rent as Alexi Darling and others , appearing from December 2006 until April 2007 .

Franzobel is the pseudonym of the Austrian writer Stefan Griebl .

The GLA is responsible for the strategic administration of the 1579 kmÂ -LRB- 610 sq . miles -RRB- of Greater London . It shares local government powers with the councils of 32 London boroughs and the City of London Corporation .

This post-apocalyptic novel brought critical acclaim , earning Kavan the Brian Aldiss Science Fiction Book of the Year award in 1967 , the year before Kavan 's death .

It lies 14 miles from Stirling itself , south of Callander , east of Aberfoyle and west of Doune .

Perm 's public transit network includes tram , bus , and trolleybus routes .

Wabash is a city in Noble Township , Wabash County , Indiana , United States .

On 26 February 2007 , Stefanie Sun returned from Cairo where she and her team were extorted by suspected local gangsters .

The Bankstown Bunker was on an episode of Burke 's Backyard .

`` game theory in economics , origins of , '' by Robert Leonard . `` behavioural economics and game theory '' by Faruk Gul .

Lisa Marie Presley -LRB- born February 1 , 1968 -RRB- is an American singer and songwriter , also known as the `` Princess of Rock and Roll '' . She is the only child of singer Elvis Presley , and daughter of Priscilla Presley .

The plant plays a significant role in traditional Andean culture .

Jade Almarie Louise Ewen -LRB- born 24 January 1988 -RRB- is an English singer , songwriter , actress and member of the Sugababes .

Festubert is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

Susan Brownmiller -LRB- born February 15 , 1935 -RRB- is an American feminist , journalist , author , and activist .

The moon is very elongated , with its short axis 0.5 Â 0.1 times the long axis .

Thornton became engaged to her boyfriend of one year , Christopher Carney , a court officer , in December 2009 .

First aired June 28 , 2010 -LRB- 0.728 M viewers -RRB-

The WebKit engine provides a set of classes to display web content in windows , and implements browser features such as following links when clicked by the user , managing a back-forward list , and managing a history of pages recently visited .

A state religion -LRB- also called an official religion , established church or state church -RRB- is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .

It is the opposite of southwest .

Ramen is a Japanese noodle dish .

Myalgia without a traumatic history is often due to viral infections .

She is best known for her television role as Ruthie Camden on The WB\/The CW 's longest-running show 7th Heaven .

Electrostar is the name given to a series of related electric multiple-unit -LRB- EMU -RRB- passenger trains manufactured by Bombardier Transportation -LRB- formerly ADtranz -RRB- at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby , England .

Protected pages can only be edited by administrators , some of whom monitor this category and respond to requests .

Thallium -LRB- I -RRB- fluoride -LRB- or thallous fluoride or thallium monofluoride -RRB- is the chemical compound composed of thallium and fluorine with the formula TlF .

Winona State University -LRB- also known as `` WSU '' -RRB- is a comprehensive , public university in Winona , Minnesota , United States with more than 8,600 enrolled undergraduate and graduate students .

The modern Marathi literature has been enriched by famous poets and authors like P. L. Deshpande , Kusumagraj , Prahlad Keshav Atre and Vyankatesh Madgulkar .

He was also a research professor of economics and mathematical statistics at the University of Illinois , a consultant to the RAND Corporation through the University of Chicago and a consultant to the U.S. Bureau of the Budget .

A headband is a clothing accessory worn in the hair or around the forehead , usually to hold hair away from the face or eyes .

Toni Turek , real name Anton Turek , -LRB- 18 January 1919 â `` 11 May 1984 -RRB- was a German football goalkeeper . Turek was born in Duisburg .

According to sound engineer John Kurlander , McCartney said , `` I do n't like ` Her Majesty , ' throw it away . ''

He married Vittoria della Rovere , with whom he had two children : Cosimo III de ' Medici , his eventual successor , and Francesco Maria de ' Medici , a Prince of the Church .

Wapanucka is a town in Johnston County , Oklahoma , United States .

Saint-Mars-du-D Ã sert is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .

Together with the twin town of Carrara , Massa is worldwide known for the extraction and production of marble .

It was not released as a single in the U.S.

MouriÃ s is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .

It was later seen in the Zoot suiter of the 1930s and 1940s ; the hipster of the 1940s ; and the beatnik and rock and roller of the 1950s .

This company was well known for its sandal and flip flop selection .

Takaaki Tokushige is a Japanese football player who has recently played for Tokushima Vortis .

Bridgestone Corporation is a multinational rubber conglomerate founded in 1931 by Shojiro Ishibashi in the city of Kurume , Fukuoka , Japan .

Most koala populations on the mainland of Australia are affected by the chlamydia disease .

Kensington is a district of west and central London , England within the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea .

On December 15 , 2009 , Lynch received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actress in a Series , Miniseries , or Television Film for her role on Glee .

It was first published in 1997 and describes the transitions from night to day and from day to night .

They work closely with the UN and other organizations .

Collins was the subject of director Neil Jordan 's 1996 film Michael Collins , with Liam Neeson in the title role .

She is also known for her role as Hilda Spellman on Sabrina , the Teenage Witch , and for replacing Rosie O'Donnell as the hostess of her syndicated talk show , renamed The Caroline Rhea Show .

Setting switch to any non-empty value causes the metric value to be displayed first .

A video game based on the film , that was entitled 102 Dalmatians : Puppies to the Rescue , was released in 2000 , with Frankie Muniz as the voice of Domino and Molly Marlette as the voice of Oddball .

Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama -LRB- born January 17 , 1964 -RRB- is the wife of the 44th and incumbent President of the United States , Barack Obama , and is the first African-American First Lady of the United States .

The Lubwarttower -LRB- Lubwartturm -RRB- is the oldest building in town .

Pashto is also spoken in a few villages on the Line of Control with Kupwara .

By happenstance , he encounters a troupe of performers led by Toulouse-Lautrec -LRB- John Leguizamo -RRB- ; his writing skills allow them to finish their proposed show , `` Spectacular Spectacular '' that they wish to sell to Harold Zidler -LRB- Jim Broadbent -RRB- , owner of the Moulin Rouge cabaret .

Where an article is about something obviously important , but was written with too much COI to easily edit , it is often possible to reduce the article to basic identifying information , and then neutral editors can help improve the article .

Giancarlo Marocchi -LRB- born 4 July 1965 in Imola -RRB- is a former Italian footballer .

During her lifetime , Austen 's novels brought her little personal fame ; like many women writers , she chose to publish anonymously and it was only among members of the aristocracy that her authorship was an open secret .

Their book therefore offers bare facts and little in the way of interpretation .

Plante was the first goaltender to regularly play the puck outside his crease in support of his team 's defencemen , and he often instructed his teammates from behind the play .

He joined the World Hockey Association as coach and general manager for the Quebec Nordiques in 1973 â `` 74 .

There was also a 2 February 2007 press release .

Authors for the IPCC reports are chosen from a list of researchers prepared by governments , and participating organizations and the Working Group\/Task Force Bureaux , and other experts as appropriate , known through their publications and works -LRB- , 4.2.1,2 -RRB- .

He is considered by some historians to have had a crucial influence on the transition of New South Wales from a penal colony to a free settlement and therefore to have played a major role in the shaping of Australian society in the early nineteenth century .

A total of 123 football clubs took part in the tournament -LRB- including its qualifying rounds -RRB- .

These power series arise primarily in analysis , but also occur in combinatorics -LRB- under the name of generating functions -RRB- and in electrical engineering -LRB- under the name of the Z-transform -RRB- .

Member firms include Google , HTC , Sony Dell , Intel , Motorola , Qualcomm , Texas Instruments , Samsung , LG , T-Mobile , Nvidia , and Wind River Systems .

The Salian Franks were one of two Frankish tribes who were then occupying the area west of the lower Rhine , with their center in an area known as Toxandria , between the Meuse and Scheldt -LRB- in what is now the Netherlands and Belgium -RRB- . Clovis 's power base was to the southwest of this , around Tournai and Cambrai along the modern frontier between France and Belgium .

In the Vedas , Soma is portrayed as sacred and as a god -LRB- deva -RRB- .

Previous RF adapters required the user to slide a switch on the adapter by hand .

Saint-Laurent-du-Mont is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

Stade Municipal is a multi-use stadium in Bobo Dioulasso , Burkina Faso .

Bilcock was born in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .

The game has been heavily attacked by some critics , who allege that it promotes pornography and murder .

It was released on January 29 , 1996 for the PC .

Davenport is a city located along the Mississippi River in Scott County , Iowa , United States .

Improvements in software and hardware , and rapidly-lowering costs , popularized desktop publishing and enabled very fine control of typeset results much less expensively than the minicomputer dedicated systems .

Upon the conclusion of the war , Jacka returned to Australia and entered business ; establishing the electrical goods importing and exporting business Roxburgh , Jacka & Co. .

For phase one of the Madrid expansion , BP Solar aimed to expand its annual cell capacity from 55 MW to around 300 MW .

Bertrancourt is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .

The number of visitors to the reserve is about 2 million per year .

Galecki secretly dated his ` The Big Bang Theory ' costar Kaley Cuoco for two years , Cuoco revealed to CBS Watch Magazine .

Unlike latitude , which has the equator as a natural starting position , there is no natural starting position for longitude .

Selby Abbey is an Anglican parish church in the town of Selby , North Yorkshire .

Yoruba people -LRB- YorÃ bÃ in Yoruba orthography -RRB- are one of the largest ethnic groups in West Africa . The majority of the Yoruba speak the Yoruba language -LRB- ; Ã dÃ -RRB- .

The Prime minister Secretariat National Security Council is a consultative body that is chaired by the President of Pakistan and Prime minister of Pakistan .

His first teaching position was in a first grade classroom in Sampson County .

this is what the Lord , the God of Israel , says : ` The jar of flour will not be used up and the jug of oil will not run dry until the day the Lord gives rain on the land , '' illustrating that the demand of the covenant is not given without the promise of the covenant .

This effect does not come into play by going from macro to micro dimensions .

Tomlak was drafted 208th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft .

For the first run , heavy rainfall prevented the inauguration , which resulted in two runs , which had to be held on the second day : one in the morning hours and the other during the afternoon , which was , the first time this had happened in a same square , in the same day in Venezuela .

The Biblical term `` Proselyte '' , derives from the Koine Greek Ï Ï Î Ï Î Î '' Ï

Article Three describes the court system -LRB- the judicial branch -RRB- , including the Supreme Court .

Frauzio was a comic book Brazil floor monthly , created in 2001 by Marcatti distributed by Publisher SCALE .

The Ozzfest leg of the tour is particularly notable since it marked Marilyn Manson 's first performance in Denver , Colorado -LRB- on June 22 , 2001 at the Mile High Stadium -RRB- since the Columbine tragedy in nearby Littleton , Colorado .

She then dated Nicholas Tse in early 2002 , but then split with Tse late that year when Tse got back with his ex-girlfriend , singer Faye Wong .

These were supplemented by a 2-4-2T , Lyn , built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works of Philadelphia , USA , as the Company realized that three locos would be insufficient .

The middle finger -LRB- also the long finger , and usually the longest finger -RRB- is the third digit of the human hand , located between the index finger and the ring finger .

In 1987 , Professor Hovannisian was appointed as the first holder of the Armenian Educational Foundation Endowed Chair in Modern Armenian History at the UCLA .

The Cadillac Escalade is a full-size luxury sport utility vehicle -LRB- SUV -RRB- sold by the General Motors luxury brand , Cadillac . It was the division 's first major entry into the popular SUV market .

The three legion numbers were never used again by the Romans after this defeat , unlike other legions that were restructured - a case unique in Roman history except for the XXII Deiotariana legion , which was disbanded after heavy losses against the Jewish rebels in the Bar Kokba revolt -LRB- 132 â `` 136 -RRB- in Israel .

Her father , John Stewart , is a stage manager and television producer who has worked for Fox .

Ward 1 is designed to ensure African-American representation on the council .

Melbourne serves as a major hub for Qantas and Virgin Blue , while Jetstar Airways and Tiger Airways Australia utilise the airport as home base .

She was born Princess Jelena of Serbia , and was known as Elena Petrovna , Jelena Petrovna , HÃ lÃ ne Petrovna or Ellen Petrovna after her marriage .

The city is named after Francisco Antonio Salcedo who fought in the northwestern part of the country against the Haitian army during the Dominican-Haitian War after the Dominican independence from Haiti in 1844 .

The competition was then abolished to make way for a further expansion to the UEFA Champions League , with domestic cup winners now gaining entry into the UEFA Cup , later renamed as UEFA Europa League .

In biology , histones are highly alkaline proteins found in eukaryotic cell nuclei , which package and order the DNA into structural units called nucleosomes .

Everman appeared in Soundgarden 's Louder Than Live home video .

Waste -LRB- also known as rubbish , trash , refuse , garbage , junk -RRB- is unwanted or useless materials .

In England and Wales , the only part of the United Kingdom where the law had any effect , no prosecutions of common scolds have occurred for a considerable period .

The series was created in 1961 by K. H. Scheer and Clark Darlton .

When the working liquid is water and the bain-marie is used at sea level , the maximum temperature of the material in the lower container will not exceed 100 degrees Celsius -LRB- the boiling point of water at sea level -RRB- .

Ichthyosaurs , although common , are reduced in diversity ; while the top marine predators , the pliosaurs , grew to the size of killer whales and larger -LRB- e.g. Pliosaurus , Liopleurodon -RRB- .

This law also regulates among other , the remuneration , pension , privilege to refuse to give evidence and the legal position of Hamburg judges .

The best advice is : do not reveal real-life information about yourself on Wikipedia .

He has won a number of other awards , including the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009 , the King Abdul Aziz medal in 2007 , the Ramon Magsaysay Award , the World Food Prize , the Sydney Peace Prize , and in December 2007 the Ecuadorian Peace Prize .

After the War , Yunus returned to Bangladesh and was appointed to the government 's Planning Commission headed by Nurul Islam .

Other fourth round matches saw Sevastova 's run end against Wozniacki and Makarova 's end against Clijsters , while Petkovic upset Sharapova in straight sets .

In the final Djokovic defeated Murray for his second Australian Open crown in straight sets .

During the first week of the tournament , viewing figures in Australia were down for the second year running .

Bob Bryan \/ Mike Bryan def .

For example , graph 1 above expresses the abstraction `` agent sits on location '' .

An abstraction can thus encapsulate each of these levels of detail with no loss of generality .

The original lyrics were written in 1895 by poet and nationalist Banjo Paterson .

We Started Nothing is the debut album of the English New Wave duo The Ting Tings .

It was named after Baron Collingwood , a British admiral .

BÃ guey is a commune located on the right bank of the Garonne river in south-western France .

Many emoticon artists design their emoticons pixel by pixel .

In most circles it has become acceptable to omit the hyphen , whether a colon or an equal sign is used for the eyes , e.g. : -RRB- .

The parentheses are similarly dropped in the English language context and the emoticons only use alphanumeric characters and the most commonly used English punctuation marks .

As one of the larger near-Earth asteroids -LRB- NEAs -RRB- , Eros has played a significant role in history .

It is a resident bird ; i.e. , most birds do not migrate .

For example , using :

For example , undenting `` Beethoven '' : Wikicode : : : : -LRB- This is line 1 .

CNN ran a segment criticizing the amount of coverage their competitors gave to the story despite what they characterized as a lack of new items to report , with CNN news anchor Anderson Cooper calling the coverage `` downright ridiculous '' .

Braille may be produced using a slate and stylus in which each dot is created from the back of the page , writing in mirror image , by hand , or it may be produced on a Braille typewriter or Perkins Brailler , or produced by a Braille embosser attached to a computer .

La RÃ ole is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .

p28 The term is also used for the complete set of chromosomes in a species , or an individual organism .

Low pressure areas have less atmospheric mass above their location , whereas high pressure areas have more atmospheric mass above their location .

Rowley is a city in Buchanan County , Iowa , United States .

Because of the extra chromosome , individuals with the condition are usually referred to as `` XXY Males '' , or `` 47 , XXY Males '' .

Same dog - totally different behavior .

The current law of national symbols , Law on the National Arms , Flag , and Anthem , that governs the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984 .

Open or anonymising proxies , including Tor , may be blocked from editing for any period at any time .

Hertha Berliner Sport-Club von 1892 -LRB- commonly known as Hertha BSC or Hertha Berlin -RRB- is a German association football club based in Berlin .

Forced to mature quickly when his mother was killed in a Fire Nation raid , he cultivated his warrior skills with a militant zeal , while his sister Katara did chores and practiced waterbending .

The toys find themselves at the dump and are soon pulled onto a conveyor belt leading to an incinerator .

Ali Abdullah Harib Al-Habsi , born December 30 , 1981 in Muscat -RRB- is an Omani footballer of Somali descent . .

Cowes -LRB- sometimes anachronistically referred to as West Cowes -RRB- is an English seaport town and civil parish on the Isle of Wight .

The first railway station to occupy the Flinders Street site was called Melbourne Terminus , and was a collection of weatherboard train sheds .

He wrote it , so what the hell , he 's going to sing it . ''

Palm Springs is a village in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .

Despite initial postwar plans to break-up the Agip company , Agip 's administrator Enrico Mattei converted it to a state monopoly , renamed Eni .

On October 11 , 1883 , the heads of the major railroads met in Chicago at the former Grand Pacific Hotel to adopt the Standard Time System of four standard time zones for the continental U.S.A. . The new system was adopted by most states almost immediately after railroads did so .

In the 1830s , the bell was adopted as a symbol by abolitionist societies , who dubbed it the `` Liberty Bell '' .

Approximately 2 million individual pieces of glass make up the cathedral 's 128 stained glass windows .

The sources of the Congo are in the highlands and mountains of the East African Rift , as well as Lake Tanganyika and Lake Mweru , which feed the Lualaba River , which then becomes the Congo below Boyoma Falls .

A fourth and final edition of Lyrical Ballads was published in 1805 .

In it , Wordsworth discusses what he sees as the elements of a new type of poetry , one based on the `` real language of men '' and which avoids the poetic diction of much 18th-century poetry .

In everyday life , the pascal is perhaps best known from meteorological barometric pressure reports , where it occurs in the form of hectopascals -LRB- 1 hPa â 100 Pa -RRB- or kilopascals -LRB- 1 kPa â 1000 Pa -RRB- .

Port Louis has conserved many historic and colonial buildings through the years .

The drainage basin covers 2,940 square kilometers .

Huxley said `` I will never be a party to enabling the State to sweep the children of this country into denominational schools '' .

Before that , he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs .

Fig Pudding is written using an episodic plot style .

The population was 1,191 at the 2000 census . The village is located within the Town of Albany .

'' ... where two or more persons are bound together for one or more common purposes by mutual undertakings , each having mutual duties and obligations , in an organization which has rules identifying in whom control of the organization and its funds are vested , and which can be joined or left at will . ''

In some jurisdictions , there is a minimum for the number of persons starting an association . Some jurisdictions require that the association register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association 's existence .

The Komodo dragon hunts in the afternoon , but stays in the shade during the hottest part of the day .

During World War I , Punnett successfully applied his expertise to the problem of the early determination of gender in chickens .

At the time of its discovery , Huya was the biggest and brightest trans-Neptunian object found since Pluto .

He is a pioneer in complex system and nonlinear science .

GDP can be contrasted with gross national product -LRB- GNP -RRB- or gross national income -LRB- GNI -RRB- .

Originally called Federal Grove , the name was changed in the 1860s to honor Auburn , New York .

Between them , two writers effectively founded the whole genre of the gastronomic essay . ''

Hurricane Lorenzo was the twelfth named storm and fifth hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season .

Her other name , inscribed against her figure on a white-ground kylix in the British Museum , is Anesidora , `` she who sends up gifts , '' up implying `` from below '' within the earth .

The Universal Forum of Cultures Monterrey 2007 revolved around 4 Core Concepts or Axis .

In 2000 he recorded and produced Ash 's album Free All Angels .

Similarly , in 3D space a very small perturbation of two parallel or intersecting lines will almost certainly turn them into skew lines . In this sense , skew lines are the `` usual '' case , and parallel or intersecting lines are special cases .

Several walls have been built since the 5th century BC that are referred to collectively as the Great Wall , which has been rebuilt and maintained from the 5th century BC through the 16th century .

Your sailor Xenia '' .

However , the word `` claw '' is also often used in reference to an invertebrate .

Seo Jung-Won -LRB- born December 17 , 1970 in Gwangju , South Korea -RRB- is a football player and coach from South Korea .

Kellner welcomed the birth of German democracy after the war .

A 2005 study stated that `` differential validity in prediction suggests that the WAIS-R test may contain cultural influences that reduce the validity of the WAIS-R as a measure of cognitive ability for Mexican American students , '' indicating a weaker positive correlation relative to sampled white students .

On 2 July 2005 , he reunited with Pink Floyd bandmates Nick Mason , Richard Wright , and David Gilmour for the Live 8 benefit concert , the group 's only appearance with Waters since their last performance with him 24 years earlier .

An archer is a person who uses a bow and arrow ; a practitioner of archery .

However , when he arrives , Mario discovers that Bowser has invaded the castle and imprisoned the princess and her servants within it using the power of the castle 's 120 Power Stars .

Brock Trotter -LRB- born January 16 , 1987 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League .

Ibn al-Haytham has been called the `` father of modern optics '' , the `` pioneer of the modern scientific method , '' and the founder of experimental physics .

Karthikeyan went on to win the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Most Popular Driver Award for the 2010 season which was voted by the fans .

Although produced under the title -LRB- and released in Europe as -RRB- Goblins , United States distributors were skeptical about the film 's ability to succeed as a standalone picture and renamed it Troll 2 in an attempt to market it as a sequel to the 1986 Empire Pictures film Troll .

Hopkin was educated at Barry Grammar School and St John 's College , Cambridge , where he was a student of John Maynard Keynes .

Lovins has also advocated a `` negawatt revolution '' arguing that utility customers donâ t want kilowatt-hours of electricity ; they want energy services .

When the blood-red moon appears again Wozzeck , fearing that he has not thrown the knife far enough from shore and also wanting to wash away the blood staining his clothing and hands , wades into the pond and drowns .

She sings , but then notices blood on his hand and elbow ; everyone begins shouting at him , and Wozzeck , now agitated and obsessed with his blood , rushes out of the tavern .

The Wright brothers , Orville -LRB- August 19 , 1871 -- January 30 , 1948 -RRB- and Wilbur -LRB- April 16 , 1867 -- May 30 , 1912 -RRB- , were two Americans credited with inventing and building the world 's first successful airplane and making the first controlled , powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight , on December 17 , 1903 .

Her father , John Donelson , was the brother of Rachel Donelson Jackson , the wife of the future President .

He was a chorister at St Paulâ s Cathedral for four and a half years and then spent an equal amount of time as lay clerk at Peterborough Cathedral .

A colorless , heavy , odorless noble gas , xenon occurs in the Earth 's atmosphere in trace amounts . Although generally unreactive , xenon can undergo a few chemical reactions such as the formation of xenon hexafluoroplatinate , the first noble gas compound to be synthesized .

In many jurisdictions in the U.S. , burglary occurring at night is punished more severely than burglary occurring at other time . In California , for example , nighttime burglary was punished as burglary in the first degree , while daytime burglary was punished as burglary in the second degree .

Additions included an octagon room in the North-East side , in which the King regularly had dinner .

The triangular turreted structure was set amidst a dense plantation of trees and overlooked Virginia Water , a man-made body of water constructed by Thomas and Paul Sandby at the behest of the Duke .

Movie World , a movie theme park by Warner Bros , Ferrari World , hotels including Yas Marina Hotel , a water park , and Yas Mall , the Abu Dhabi destination retail development of 300,000 sq m retail area ; links and parkland golf courses , lagoon hotels , marinas , polo clubs , apartments , villas and food and beverage outlets that will create a tourist destination .

Ethology is a combination of laboratory and field science , with a strong relation to certain other disciplines â '' e.g. , neuroanatomy , ecology , evolution .

Today laser engraving machines are in development but still mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality .

Liam Matthew Ridgewell -LRB- born 21 July 1984 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Birmingham City .

Most students learned slide rule use on the linear slide rules , and did not find reason to switch .

Trigonometric scales are sometimes dual-labeled , in black and red , with complementary angles , the so-called `` Darmstadt '' style .

Students also might keep a ten - or twenty-inch rule for precision work at home or the office while carrying a five-inch pocket slide rule around with them .

The card catalog was saved from fire damage and much of the lost book collection was replaced .

Guinecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

The contract was signed in May 1994 , with the major technology supplier being the ERG Group .

At that time his father , Remzi Zarakolu , was the district governor on that island .

Valeri Emilov Bozhinov -LRB- , ; born 15 February 1986 -RRB- , commonly known as Valeri Bojinov , is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Parma .

Pausanias was probably a native of Lydia ; he was certainly familiar with the western coast of Asia Minor , but his travels extended far beyond the limits of Ionia .

The party was formed in 1988 by a merger of the Liberal Party and the Social Democratic Party .

Gears of War sold over three million copies in just ten weeks and was the fastest-selling video game of 2006 , and was the second-most played game over Xbox Live during . The game has since sold over five million copies by September 2008 .

They were also classified as British Rail Class EB1 for a short period of time , although only a single locomotive was completely modified to EB1 condition .

Formed in 1985 , IBMA established its first headquarters in Owensboro , Kentucky .

Late Carboniferous and Early Permian insect orders include both extant groups and a number of Paleozoic species , now extinct .

There were 7,998 housing units at an average density of 17 per square mile -LRB- 6\/km Â -RRB- .

They are believed to have enjoyed a happy marriage .

There are two festivals that are considered Sunnah .

The Tulsa 66ers are an NBA Development League team based in Tulsa , Oklahoma and the minor league affiliate of the Oklahoma City Thunder .

Consequently , whereas a number of S-types can normally be viewed with binoculars at opposition , even the largest C-types require a small telescope .

The problem can also be approached in a distributed manner .

Cameron subsequently became a teen heartthrob in the late 1980s , while appearing on the covers of several teen magazines , including Tiger Beat , Teen Beat , 16 and others .

Fogolin gave up the captaincy to Gretzky for the 1983 â `` 84 season onwards .

Anderlues is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .

Early chansons tended to be in one of the formes fixes -- ballade , rondeau or virelai -LRB- formerly the chanson baladÃ e -RRB- -- though some composers later set popular poetry in a variety of forms .

Other metal oxides can be used , such as chromium oxide , to generate elemental metal .

The HSS was banned on 11 June 1941 , in an attempt by the UstaÅ e to take their place as the primary representative of the Croatian peasantry .

The most reliable figures place the number of Serbs killed by the UstaÅ a between 330,000 and 390,000 , with 45,000 to 52,000 Serbs murdered in Jasenovac .

De facto control over this territory varied for the majority of the war , as the Partisans grew more successful , while the Germans and Italians increasingly exercised direct control over areas of interest .

To display just the ratings symbols used by Christgau in print -LRB- without the links -RRB- , use .

MikaÃ `` l Samy Silvestre -LRB- born 9 August 1977 -RRB- is a French football defender who currently plays for Werder Bremen of the Bundesliga .

In 1995 , he became music director of the San Francisco Symphony .

In order to support his family he took a job as a writer for the Prussian intelligence agency Zentralstelle fÃ 1\/4 r Presseangelegenheiten which was meant to influence the press towards the German nationalist cause .

Background : There is a good rationale for the behavior of the system function which actually does the hard work of this template .

Two grades of coconut milk exist : thick and thin .

At the outset of his reign , Commodus , aged 19 , inherited many of his father 's senior advisers , notably Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus -LRB- the second husband of Commodus 's sister Lucilla -RRB- , his father-in-law Gaius Bruttius Praesens , Titus Fundanius Vitrasius Pollio , and Aufidius Victorinus , who was Prefect of the City of Rome .

Dromore is a village in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .

These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the eastern Pacific basin .

St. Anthony is a city in and the county seat of Fremont County , Idaho , United States .

Chauffour-l Ã s-Bailly is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .

His famous series of sixteen great designs for the Apocalypse are dated 1498 , as is his engraving St. Michael Fighting the Dragon .

During his commentary for the 2008 Summer Olympics , Edwards observed that during the 1995 World Championships , he felt as if ` he could jump as far as he needed to ' .

Edwards then read Physics at Durham University , attending Van Mildert College .

Shakhriyar Hamid oglu Mammadyarov -LRB- born 12 April 1985 in Sumgayit , Azerbaijan -RRB- , also known for his Shah nickname , is a chess Grandmaster .

It was developed by Neversoft and was published in 2002 by Activision for the GameCube , Game Boy Advance , PlayStation , PlayStation 2 , and Xbox .

Hauser is a city in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .

In 1789 , a Mrs. Piozzi wrote in her journal , `` The little pug dog or Dutch mastiff has quitted London for Padua , I perceive . Every carriage I meet here has a pug in it . ''

The feet are neither so long as the foot of the hare , nor so round as that of the cat ; well split-up toes , and the nails black .

A software developer is a person concerned with facets of the software development process .

He received his doctorate in 1905 in Munich .

During the Illuminations , specially decorated trams carry passengers on the promenade along the illuminated area , which runs from Starr Gate to Bispham .

It was discovered by N. R. Pogson on April 15 , 1857 , and named after the Greek heroine Ariadne .

WÅ adysÅ aw StanisÅ aw Reymont -LRB- May 7 , 1867 in Kobiele Wielkie -- December 5 , 1925 -RRB- was a Polish novelist and Nobel laureate . His best-known work is the novel ChÅ opi -LRB- Peasants -RRB- .

Jason Bonham -LRB- born 15 July 1966 -RRB- is an English drummer . Jason 's parents are Led Zeppelin drummer John Bonham and his wife Pat Phillips .

From the statue of Saint Francis of Assisi on top of the church , there is a lovely view of Remagen and the romantic Rhine Valley .

The winning texts will be archived in the Library of Vorarlberg .

This is the or article message box meta-template .

He has since resigned for Super Nova Racing to drive in the 2011 GP2 Series and 2011 GP2 Asia Series .

Buddhism in Silla was , more so than in the case of Baekje and Goguryeo , an officially sponsored faith .

However , all versions of the lamrim are elaborations of AtiÅ a 's 11th Century root text A Lamp for the Path to Enlightenment -LRB- BodhipathapradÄ `` pa -RRB- .

Due to inefficiencies such as friction , heat loss , and other factors , thermal engines ' efficiencies are typically much less than 100 % .

Replacing Invariant Sections with translations requires special permission from their copyright holders , but you may include translations of some or all Invariant Sections in addition to the original versions of these Invariant Sections .

Zeebra is a former member of the hip-hop group King Giddra , which also included DJ Oasis and K Dub Shine , and the older brother of fellow hip-hop artist SPHERE of INFLUENCE .

He was the husband of Joan I of Navarre , by virtue of which he was King of Navarre -LRB- as Philip I -RRB- and Count of Champagne from 1284 to 1305 .

The entire memorial covers 1278.45 a and is 5725 f above sea level .

Traudl Junge -LRB- born Gertraud Humps ; 16 March 1920 -- 10 February 2002 -RRB- was Adolf Hitler 's youngest personal private secretary , from December 1942 to April 1945 .

Fossils have been recovered from the U.S. states of Montana , Wyoming , and Oklahoma , in rocks of the Cloverly Formation and Antlers Formation , though teeth that may belong to Deinonychus have been found much farther east in Maryland .

Defenestration is the act of throwing someone or something out of a window .

Many saw the film as a sleeper hit for its relatively unknown cast and modest-budget production , while achieving success and popularity during its theatrical run .

The sixth-season premiere was the first to climb in the ratings year-over-year since the second season , drawing 12.1 million viewers .

At the 2005 â `` 2006 Junior Grand Prix Final , she won the competition 28.34 points ahead of silver medalist Aki Sawada .

As stipulated by the German constitution , the powers of the vacant office were executed by the current President of the Bundesrat , Jens BÃ hrnsen , until Christian Wulff was elected president on 30 June 2010 .

She also met Nathalie Lemel , another figure active in the commune .

`` Although I ca n't be at the Vale often , my investment is just to say that my heart is still there and I 'm a huge supporter .

This macro is a support macro for .

The word quadrilateral is made of the words quad -LRB- meaning `` four '' -RRB- and lateral -LRB- meaning `` of sides '' -RRB- .

The 2005 Formula One calendar featured a new event in Turkey , just miles from the Europe-Asia dividing line .

Alceu Rodrigues Simoni Filho , or simply Alceu -LRB- born May 7 , 1984 -RRB- , is a Brazilian midfielder who is currently playing for GrÃ mio Prudente Futebol .

He flew from Westfield , New Jersey on August 14 , 1930 to Los Angeles , California in 4 days with a combined flying time of 29 hours and 55 minutes .

Nyon is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .

It can either be detached from a larger unit for a specific function or -LRB- particularly in United States Military usage -RRB- be a permanent unit smaller than a battalion .

He began his training with the Sokil Kyiv junior hockey affiliate , a team which included fellow future Ukrainian NHLer Nikolai Zherdev .

Pirates of the Caribbean is a multi-billion dollar Walt Disney franchise encompassing a theme park ride , a series of films and spinoff novels as well as numerous video games and other publications .

Replacement of the 1967 stock began on July 2009 as part of Transport for London 's 5-year Â # 10 billion redevelopment project .

Some works are in Parisan museums , in Blois , and in Grenoble , but especially in private collectors ' homes .

From 1890 on , she lived in Paris and moved in an artistic circle with painters of the `` Ile de la Grande Jatte '' in Montmartre .

Big Fun Time , hosted by Sidney Sloane , is broadcast from 15:30 to 18:00 .

The definition of an essay is vague , overlapping with those of an article and a short story .

Within the SS , early divisions also developed between the `` General SS '' and the SS under the command of Sepp Dietrich which would eventually become the Waffen-SS . The early military SS was kept quite separate from the regular SS and Dietrich introduced early regulations that the military SS answered directly to Hitler , and not Himmler , and for several months even ordered his troops to wear the black SS uniform without a swastika armband to separate the soldiers from other SS units once the black uniform had become common throughout Germany .

For the 2006 season , the fuel was a 90 % \/ 10 % mixture of methanol and ethanol .

He moved the company from its ancestral home in Akron to Chicago .

Franz Schiemer -LRB- born March 21 , 1986 , in Haag am Hausruck , Upper Austria -RRB- is an Austrian footballer who plays as a defender for FC Red Bull Salzburg of the T-Mobile Bundesliga in Austria .

In mid 2007 , Corn Pops launched its first line extension in many years called `` Chocolate Peanut Butter Pops '' .

The Peugeot Partner is a van and leisure activity vehicle made by the French car manufacturer Peugeot .

Normally , even rows get a light gray background for striping ; when this parameter is used , the odd rows receive the gray striping instead of the even rows .

-LRB- Arnold did not know that this proposed invasion was a ruse intended to divert British resources . -RRB-

Arnold then returned to the Hudson , where General Gates had taken over command of the American army , which had by then retreated to a camp south of Stillwater .

He then directed the construction of a fleet to defend Lake Champlain , which was defeated in the October 1776 Battle of Valcour Island .

As a result of a clerical error in the parish records , his remains were removed to an unmarked mass grave during church renovations a century later .

Due to difficulties in getting the messages across the lines , neither side knew for some days that the other was in agreement to that offer .

Just prior to merging , the lowest pressure in relation to the storm was recorded at 986 mbar -LRB- hPa ; 29.12 inHg -RRB- .

The plot centers around a Chihuahua , Chloe , who gets dognapped in Mexico and has to escape from an evil Doberman , El Diablo , with help from a lonely German Shepherd , Delgado , and a hyperactive male Chihuahua , Papi , who has a desperate crush on her .

That October , Yahoo !

They are currently members of the West Division of the American Football Conference -LRB- AFC -RRB- in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .

It also calls the sub-template .

The status of the Rockhopper penguins is also unclear .

The climate of middle Europe is therefore optimal .

It has a high reputation in technical fields such as electrical engineering , computer science , photo optics , engine construction and traffic logistics .

Traditionally , the bony fish had been treated as a class within the vertebrates , with Actinopterygii and Sarcopterygii as subclasses . However , some recent works have elevated Osteichthyes to superclass , with Actinopterygii and Sarcopterygii as classes .

RCA Victor 09026-62661-2 .

Mario Strikers Charged , known as Mario Strikers Charged Football in PAL regions , is a sports video game developed by Canadian developer Next Level Games and published by Nintendo for the Wii .

It is a mixture of textualis and cursiva , developed in the early 15th century .

Ebermannstadt is a town in the district of Forchheim , in Bavaria , Germany .

During the war , Romania was the most important source of oil for Nazi Germany , which attracted multiple bombing raids by the Allies .

These are IaÅ i , TimiÅ oara , Cluj-Napoca , ConstanÅ # a , and Craiova .

Serotonin is produced by pathogenic amoebas , and its effect on the gut causes diarrhea .

He and his wife Tammy have three children .

The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service -LRB- NIFRS -RRB- -LRB- formerly Northern Ireland Fire Brigade -RRB- is the statutory fire and rescue service for Northern Ireland .

This includes the smaller islands that surround the main islands , but are still part of the main island country -LRB- for instance , the Republic of Cuba consists of the island of Cuba , the Isle of Youth , and several smaller islands around them . -RRB-

The console was released on September 14 , 2001 in Japan , November 18 , 2001 in North America , May 3 , 2002 in Europe , and May 17 , 2002 in Australia .

The film stars Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis , Cynthia Nixon , and Chris Noth , who reprised their roles from the previous film and TV series . It also features cameos from Liza Minnelli , Miley Cyrus , Tim Gunn , Ron White , and PenÃ lope Cruz .

This includes a puppet show -LRB- to which th stage and puppets are booked , but not the puppeteers -RRB- , a carrot cake -LRB- much to Grandpa Boris ' displeasure , hoping it would be a chocolate cake -RRB- , and a really elaborate invention from Tommy 's dad , Stu -LRB- the Hoverama -RRB- .

Women who have had children are less likely to develop ovarian cancer than women who have not , and breastfeeding may also reduce the risk of certain types of ovarian cancer .

Poularde Albufera , -LRB- Albufera Pullet -RRB- is a chicken dish attributed to French chef Adolphe DuglÃ rÃ which was named in honor of the Duke of Albufera .

Dieter Herzog -LRB- born 15 July 1946 in Oberhausen -RRB- is a former German international football player .

These tremendous tokens were soon followed by a great famine : and not long after , on the sixth day before the ides of January in the same year , the harrowing inroads of heathen men made lamentable havoc in the church of God in Holy-island -LRB- Lindisfarne -RRB- , by rapine and slaughter . ''

He is a son of FornjÃ t , and brother of Logi -LRB- fire , flame -RRB- and KÃ ri -LRB- wind -RRB- .

The SS-VT was formed on 24 September 1934 from a merger of various Nazi and paramilitary formations such as the SS Special Detachments -LRB- SS-Sonderkommandos -RRB- and the Headquarters Guard -LRB- SS-Stabswache -RRB- units .

The unit was officially designated SS-Verf Ã 1\/4 gungstruppe -LRB- `` Dispositional troops '' , i.e. troops at the personal disposal of the FÃ 1\/4 hrer -RRB- .

css for most of its looks , thus it is fully skinnable .

She completed her secondary education at Taroona High School and Hobart Matriculation College before studying at the University of Tasmania for five years .

The city holds an annual three-week arts and music festival -LRB- â Chichester Festivitiesâ -RRB- held in July .

Saint-Martin-du-Mesnil-Oury is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

It runs into a cave .

Northbourne is a village near Deal in Kent , England .

Ma la -LRB- ; literally `` numbing and spicy '' -RRB- , common in Sichuan cooking , is a combination of Sichuan pepper and chili pepper , and it is a key ingredient in `` mÃ lÃ '' hot pot the Sichuan version of the Chinese traditional dish .

The club established itself as a major force in both Spanish and European football during the 1950s .

People with kidney disease , hyperuricemia , or gout should not take aspirin because it inhibits the kidneys ' ability to excrete uric acid , and thus may exacerbate these conditions .

Year 1592 -LRB- MDXCII -RRB- was a leap year starting on Wednesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Saturday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar .

Melina won the opportunity to face Phoenix on the December 29 , 2008 episode of Raw by winning a battle royal , a match similar to the Royal Rumble , though with fewer competitors .

JBL earned his championship match against Cena after winning a Fatal Four-Way Elimination matchâ '' a standard match in which the last remaining competitor who has not been eliminated is declared the winnerâ '' on the December 29 , 2008 episode of Raw by defeating Chris Jericho , Randy Orton , and Shawn Michaels .

With the warlock now dead , the old woman reverts to her true form , that of a young woman .

Reigning as Duke Carl Eduard , or Charles Edward , under the regency of the Hereditary Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg until he came of age in 1905 , the new duke also continued to use his British title , Duke of Albany . As a result of Charles Edward fighting for Germany against the British in the First World War , he was stripped of his British titles in 1919 .

The final season features twenty-one episodes , one more than the previous two seasons .

A studio recording was released as a single , and renditions of the song have been recorded by Aretha Franklin -LRB- on her 1972 Young , Gifted and Black album -RRB- and by Donny Hathaway .

In June 1961 , Motown issued Gaye 's first album , The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye compromising Gaye 's jazz interests with a couple of R&B songs .

The Atlantic Ocean 's Sargasso Sea was named after the algae , as it hosts a large amount of Sargassum .

The idea came from Wikipedia 's `` Reward Board '' , where interested parties would offer cash rewards or gifts to create or improve Wikipedia articles .

The orbital period is the time taken for a given object to make one complete orbit about another object .

Its capital is JÃ rÃ mie .

He was also a translator .

Gravity causes material in the disc to spiral inward towards the central body .

Aude is a department in south-central France named after the river Aude .

Hence , perchlorate reacts sluggishly . Most perchlorate compounds , especially salts of electropositive metals such as sodium perchlorate or potassium perchlorate , are slow to react unless heated .

A son and a daughter , Daniel -LRB- 1751 -- 1754 -RRB- and Frances -LRB- 1753 -- 1757 -RRB- , died in childhood , but two other children , John -LRB- Jacky -RRB- Parke Custis -LRB- 1754 -- 1781 -RRB- and Martha -LRB- `` Patsy '' -RRB- Parke Custis -LRB- 1756 -- 1773 -RRB- survived to young adulthood .

Nylund returned to write the third novel , Halo : First Strike , which takes place between the events of Halo : Combat Evolved and those of Halo 2 .

Small Computer System Interface -LRB- SCSI , -RRB- is a set of standards for physically connecting and transferring data between computers and peripheral devices .

Under settlement out of total area 93566 a only 5468 a about -LRB- 45 % -RRB- are right free .

Boulbon is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .

If no signs of toxicity occur at the initial dose , it is necessary to retest at a higher dose level .

Tamamo-no-Mae 's body mysteriously always smelled wonderful , and her clothes never became wrinkled or dirty .

Key generation is the process of generating keys for cryptography .

Kanotix 's mascot is a fangtooth .

Would you stand up and throw tomatoes at me ? ''

In many cases this template is used through , which also produces `` class = '' and quotation marks .

Off-stage he prefers to back out of the limelight , an unpretentious guy sharing laughs with his fellow cast and crew .

Some of the contestants in the new tournament mode are based on characters from Bubble Bobble , including variations on a Monsta and a Mighta .

Sollecito was sentenced to 25 years in prison , while Knox was sentenced to 26 years .

The last parameter is the year of publication , possibly with a letter suffixed to avoid ambiguity if there are multiple citations by the same set of authors in the same year .

It is the most important yttrium compound and is widely used to make YVO4 europium and Y2O3 europium phosphors that give the red color in color TV picture tubes .

He became leader of the Liberal Party of Canada in 1990 , and led the party to a majority government in the 1993 federal election .

The Coast Guard Air Station Houston -LRB- AIRSTA -RRB- weathered Alicia with little damage , and afterwards AIRSTA 's helicopters assisted residents with evacuation , supply , and survey flights .

This tunnel is about 1600 m long and about 150 m below ground .

The Joint Security Area is the location where all negotiations since 1953 have been held , including statements of Korean solidarity , which have generally amounted to little except a slight decline of tensions .

There are also two shops , a chemist , a Chinese take away , a butcher and a post office and florist .

She has a dedicated street in LeÃ n by her contribution to the literature in Leonese .

This was the first time in Survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .

Livorno inhabitants speak a variant of the Italian Tuscan dialect , named vernacolo .

Many people , including some historians , have theorized that a mysterious hermit , Feodor Kuzmich , -LRB- or Kozmich -RRB- who emerged in Siberia in 1836 , died in the vicinity of Tomsk in 1864 and was eventually glorified as a saint of the Orthodox Church , was Alexander I under an assumed identity .

We can afford to take our time , to consider matters , to wait before creating a new article until its significance is unambiguously established .

Wikipedia is not a competition either .

In its territory lies the AutÃ dromo Internacional de Curitiba .

Le Courrier , founded in 1868 , was originally supported by the Roman Catholic Church , but has been completely independent since 1996 .

Geneva is located at 46 Â 12 ' North , 6 Â 09 ' East , at the south-western end of Lake Geneva , where the lake flows back into the RhÃ ne River .

These equations arise from applying Newton 's second law to fluid motion , together with the assumption that the fluid stress is the sum of a diffusing viscous term -LRB- proportional to the gradient of velocity -RRB- , plus a pressure term .

Over the course of his career , he starred in many films widely considered classics and was nominated for five Academy Awards , winning one in competition and receiving one Lifetime Achievement award .

The Big Horn Academy Building , built in 1916 , is located in Cowley .

Sint-Niklaas is a Belgian city and municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders .

It contains several cell types and several different peptides -LRB- including vasopressin and vasoactive intestinal peptide -RRB- and neurotransmitters .

It is proposed that the blend of fatty acids exuded by mammalian skin , together with lactic acid and pyruvic acid , is distinctive and enables animals with a keen sense of smell to differentiate individuals .

28 % of the inhabitants of the region are Pangasinan people , who belong to a different ethnolinguistic group from the Ilocanos .

Webb had already hired singer Charlie Linton to work with the band and was , The New York Times later wrote , `` reluctant to sign her ... because she was gawky and unkempt , a diamond in the rough . ''

The center of Henriette made landfall just east of Cabo San Lucas on the afternoon of September 4 with maximum winds near 80 m -LRB- 130 km\/h -RRB- .

The Ministry of Education of Guerrero canceled classes at all schools in the evening and close the port navigation .

The season officially started May 15 , 1987 in the eastern Pacific , and June 1 , 1987 in the central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 1987 .

Around 90 % of the city was reduced to ruins towards the end of the Second World War .

Stade de Kadiogo is a multi-use stadium in Kadiogo , Burkina Faso .

1994 -LRB- MCMXCIV -RRB- was a common year that started on a Saturday .

On metal , patina is a coating of various chemical compounds such as oxides or carbonates formed on the surface during exposure to the elements -LRB- weathering -RRB- .

Artists have sold or given away USB flash drives , with the first instance believed to be in 2004 when the German band WIZO released the `` Stick EP '' , only as a USB drive .

Capitalization of the parameters is unimportant .

The Second Battle of El Alamein marked a major turning point in the Western Desert Campaign of the Second World War .

The team plays its home games in San Francisco , California , while the club 's headquarters and practice facility are located in nearby Santa Clara .

He was the first Filipino Muslim to graduate from Harvard Law School .

On October 9 , 2009 , the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced that Obama had won the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize `` for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples '' .

Multiple Index .

By 2005 , some experts maintained that the dangers of ActiveX have been overstated and there were safeguards in place .

It is bordered by Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest , and Niger to the west .

The prefecture -LRB- capital -RRB- is BesanÃ on .

The rate of DNA repair is dependent on many factors , including the cell type , the age of the cell , and the extracellular environment .

However , after just five appearances , Miller broke his collarbone in a fall .

He signed a pre-contract agreement in January after refusing to sign a new deal at Wolves a month earlier .

The circuit uses everyday sections of road that circle Albert Park Lake , a small man-made lake just south of the Central Business District of Melbourne .

The articulation of the head is also remarkably flexible , permitting nearly 300 degrees of movement in some species , allowing for a great range of vision -LRB- their compound eyes have a large binocular field of vision -RRB- without having to move the remainder of the body .

Satoshi Tajiri once stated that the Pocket Monsters Special series is closest to what he imagined the PokÃ mon world to be : `` This is the comic that most resembles the world I was trying to convey . ''

This maximizes parallelism , but also allows use of the extensive cryptanalysis work performed on DES .

Serpent was designed so that all operations can be executed in parallel , using 32 1-bit slices .

The main center of population is the city of Oxford .

The area is noted for the concentration of performance motorsport companies and facilities .

Variations include recipes with other types of chocolate or additional ingredients , such as nuts or oatmeal .

Absecon is a city in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .

The train that ran the final London Underground service on the line , a three-car unit of 1960 stock , has been preserved by Cravens Heritage Trains .

She also starred in the successful musicals Lili -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , with Mel Ferrer ; Daddy Long Legs -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , with Fred Astaire , and Gigi -LRB- 1958 -RRB- with Louis Jourdan and Maurice Chevalier .

This problem was extensively debated by Adam Smith , David Ricardo and Karl Rodbertus-Jagetzow among others .

From February 1990 , he planned and organized the defense of several regions of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh .

iCal supports times zones , i.e. : if the function is enabled , and the computerâ s time zone changes , all the events in iCal are shifted to compensate for the time zone difference .

The first working prototype to be demonstrated was the Manchester Small-Scale Experimental Machine -LRB- SSEM or `` Baby '' -RRB- in 1948 . The Electronic Delay Storage Automatic Calculator -LRB- EDSAC -RRB- , completed a year after the SSEM at Cambridge University , was the first practical , non-experimental implementation of the stored program design and was put to use immediately for research work at the university .

The WWE Superstars regularly visit military camps , bases and hospitals , including Walter Reed Army Medical Center and Bethesda Naval Hospital , during their travels to bolster the morale of the troops .

Copper reacts with a combination of oxygen and hydrochloric acid to form a series of copper chlorides . Green-blue copper -LRB- II -RRB- chloride , when boiled with copper metal , undergoes comproportionation to form white copper -LRB- I -RRB- chloride .

CÃ sar Estrada ChÃ vez -LRB- ; March 31 , 1927 â `` April 23 , 1993 -RRB- was an American farm worker , labor leader , and civil rights activist who , with Dolores Huerta , co-founded the National Farm Workers Association , which later became the United Farm Workers -LRB- UFW -RRB- .

Wing Commander Rakesh Sharma , AC , -LRB- born January 13 , 1949 -RRB- is a former Indian Air Force test pilot , and Cosmonaut who flew in space aboard Soyuz T-11 as part of an Intercosmos Research Team . Sharma was the first Indian and 138th person to travel in space .

This makes it acceptable to many Arians and Unitarians .

It is used in the storyline for the 2008 film , Fireproof , which is directed by author Alex Kendrick .

In terms of field lines , this equation states that magnetic field lines neither begin nor end but make loops or extend to infinity and back .

Google I\/O is an annual two-day developer-focused conference , held by Google at Moscone Center in San Francisco , California , featuring highly technical , in-depth sessions focused on building of web , mobile , and enterprise applications with Google and open web technologies such as Android , Chrome , Google APIs , Google Web Toolkit , App Engine , and more .

But some statistics have estimated the active editors , during a month , to be less than 300,000 people actively editing articles .

The book\/movie The Da Vinci Code was expanded into more than 12 articles about that single subject .

Its confluence with the Baltoro Glacier is called Concordia and is one of the most favorite spots for trekking in Pakistan since it provides excellent views of four of the five eight-thousanders in Pakistan .

Similarly , The number 1 is the `` multiplicative identity '' for integers , real numbers , and complex numbers .

The country is bordered by Honduras to the north and Costa Rica to the south .

McDonaldland was inhabited by Ronald McDonald and other characters , which was formerly used in marketing for McDonald 's .

highlights that a link points to a PDF document -LRB- on some systems PDF files may take time to download and display within the browser , and their use on many websites is not compliant with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines -RRB- .

Duarte borders with provinces MarÃ a Trinidad SÃ nchez , Espaillat and SamanÃ to the north ; with SamanÃ to the east ; with Monte Plata and SÃ nchez RamÃ rez to the south ; and with Hermanas Mirabal and La Vega to the west .

He served at Soissons in Picardy , northeast France , and at Douaumont , near Verdun .

The elevation is 590 m. Is known for hosting the Replan , the largest refinery of Petrobras .

Blocks of 64 bits have been commonly used . The Advanced Encryption Standard -LRB- AES -RRB- algorithm approved by NIST in December 2001 uses 128-bit blocks .

On Census day -LRB- 29 April 2001 -RRB- there were 11,139 people living in Dungannon .

Unlike most other games in the genre , the game also featured a completely original soundtrack and an acclaimed plot .

The eye may also represent secrecy , again playing on the ambiguous lack of detail about the old man or the narrator .

Despite the resistance , almost all of the town 's once 7,000-strong Jewish community was murdered in Nazi concentration camps .

To avoid this situation , use :

As indicated by its initial name , the UMP generally supported the policies of President Chirac .

Piper won the Most Popular Actress category at the 2005 and 2006 National Television Awards for her work on Doctor Who .

The founder of Futurism and its most influential personality was the Italian writer Filippo Tommaso Marinetti .

Artur Schnabel -LRB- April 17 , 1882 â `` August 15 , 1951 -RRB- was an Austrian classical pianist , who also composed and taught .

on Fridays before the United States due to the time difference .

On April 20 , 2007 , SmackDown !

Presocial behavior is much more common in the animal kingdom than complete eusociality .

Travira 's aircraft are used for long-term deals with major mineral companies , such as ExxonMobil , West Natuna Consortium , and mining companies in Sumbawa and East Kalimantan .

Starting in 2010 , the Olympic Games will be complemented by Youth Games , where athletes between the ages of 14 and 18 will compete .

The 727 had high-lift devices on its wing , thus being one of the first jets able to operate from relatively short runways .

The zoo is owned by the City of Lansing , and operated by Ingham County .

Until 1970 , Oman used the plain red banner of the indigenous people .

Kijiji 's owner eBay is also a minority shareholder in Craigslist .

The Union Pacific\/West Line runs through downtown Wheaton and has been a staple of Wheaton since its founding . Metra has two stops along the line in Wheaton , one at College Avenue serving Wheaton College , and another at West Street in the heart of downtown Wheaton .

Gex is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

The community of Bells Corners , borders the inner side of the Greenbelt .

Modern Kanata is largely the creation of Bill Teron , a developer and urban planner who purchased over 3000 a of rural land and set about building a model community .

By about 4 a.m. , they reached the main road near Seven Mile Ford , Virginia where Breckinridge halted to wait for daylight before continuing .

The time for his return has arrived and he has only tarried to prove Elsa innocent .

At 1200 UTC , the center of Marco was estimated to have made landfall near Misantla , Veracruz , with winds of 65 miles per hour -LRB- 100 km\/h -RRB- .

Santo Domingo was called `` Ciudad Trujillo '' , from 1930 to 1961 , after the Dominican Republic 's dictator , Rafael Trujillo , named the capital after himself .

The first property implies that every rhombus is a parallelogram . A rhombus therefore has all of the properties of a parallelogram : opposite sides are parallel , adjacent angles are supplementary , and the two diagonals bisect one another .

Not every parallelogram is a rhombus , though any parallelogram with perpendicular diagonals -LRB- the second property -RRB- is a rhombus .

The song was well-received from critics .

Chavannes-sur-Reyssouze is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

A plane is a tool for shaping wood .

Planes are used to flatten , reduce the thickness of , and impart a smooth surface to a rough piece of lumber or timber .

Deloraine is a farming town in the Canadian province of Manitoba .

The two bodies orbit around the common center of mass which lies in the space between them .

Ionia became part of the Roman province of Asia .

A press conference was held on February 1 , 2010 at the Georgia Dome to formally announce the event for Atlanta .

By June 20 , 2006 , more than 500 million games of Halo 2 had been played and more than 710 million hours have been spent playing it on Xbox Live ; by May 9 , 2007 , this number had risen to more than five million unique players .

Bates and Wallace sailed from Liverpool in April 1848 , arriving in ParÃ -LRB- now BelÃ m -RRB- at the end of May .

In the Netherlands , he is Jan Klaassen -LRB- and Judy is Katrijn -RRB- ; in Denmark Mester Jackel ; in Russia Petrushka ; in Romania Vasilache ; and in France he has been called Polichinelle since the mid-17th century .

Some nudibranchs have smooth or warty backs and have no visible gill mechanism , such that respiration may likely take place directly through the skin .

Old Trafford is an all-seater football stadium in the Trafford borough of Greater Manchester , England , and the home of Premier League club Manchester United .

You 're the only one and I do n't think you 'll last very long . ''

Later he returns to adult state , realizing that Hippolyta is right and that his attitude toward women is wrong , he tells her that he can change .

After the Hydra is destroyed a peacock feather remains in its place , Hercules tells Iolaus that Hera is responsible for the Hydra .

Ville Hermanni Valo -LRB- born November 22 , 1976 -RRB- is a Finnish singer , songwriter and frontman of the Finnish rock band HIM .

Producers who use the term `` bisexual porn '' are most frequently depicting what a bisexual or bi-curious man might wish to seeâ '' sex acts between a man and a woman , as well as between two men .

It is quite large , being about 28 km in diameter , and would be a sizeable asteroid by itself .

Apart from public health concerns , the Nazis were heavily influenced by ideology ; specifically , the movement was influenced by concepts of racial hygiene and bodily purity .

The Lamborghini Countach was a mid-engined sports car produced by Italian automaker Lamborghini from 1974 to 1990 .

Dieter MÃ 1\/4 ller -LRB- born Dieter Kaster on 1 April 1954 -RRB- is a former German footballer , who is currently the chairman of Kickers Offenbach .

In New South Wales and the ACT , the stores have operated under the Allens brand but have since been rebranded to Harris Scarfe .

The first theme used on the show from 1952 to 1961 was `` Plink , Plank , Plunk ! ''

Saint-Seurin-de-Bourg is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .

Creates a Google custom search link , which searches one site -LRB- and , optionally , pages with URLs containing one directory path in the site -RRB- .

He was appointed Shadow Minister for Higher Education on 9 December 2005 by new Conservative Leader David Cameron , and resigned as editor of The Spectator soon afterward .

Together with Hydra , Pluto 's third moon , the initials are those of the New Horizons probe .

In one of his best-known works , the letter Å ikÃ cents yetnÃ cents me -LRB- Ø Ú Ø Ù Ø Ù Ø Ù

The Blake River Megacaldera Complex , also called the Blake River Group , is a giant subaqueous caldera cluster or a nested caldera system that spans across the Ontario-Quebec border in Canada .

`` Shanee '' is a 1989 Pakistani film starring Babra Sharif , Sheri Malik and Ghulam Mohiuddin and directed by Saeed Rizvi .

Other producers include Frank Marshall , Kathleen Kennedy , Sam Mercer and Scott Aversano .

The convention sets out the definition , rights and duties of statehood .

The music video was released on iTunes on February 8 , 2011 .

The Albion Hotel , once a Cobb and Co. stage coach stop , has tunnels situated underneath which were used during the gold rush to convey gold and money to and from the banks to minimize the chance of theft .

The boiling point can not be increased beyond the critical point . Likewise , the boiling point decreases with decreasing pressure until the triple point is reached .

Robert Walpole , 1st Earl of Orford , KG , KB , PC -LRB- 26 August 1676 â `` 18 March 1745 -RRB- , known before 1742 as Sir Robert Walpole , was a British statesman who is generally regarded as having been the first Prime Minister of Great Britain .

Eudibamus is claimed to be the first bipedal vertebrate .

The 14th Dalai Lama -LRB- religious name : Tenzin Gyatso , shortened from Jetsun Jamphel Ngawang Lobsang Yeshe Tenzin Gyatso , born Lhamo Dondrub , 6 July 1935 -RRB- is the 14th and current Dalai Lama .

This separation between the two basins is convenient , however , as tropical cyclones rarely form in the central north Pacific and few ever cross the dateline .

DÃ dougou is a city located in western Burkina Faso .

Eight years teaching in New Zealand led to a position as the head teacher of St Patrick 's School in Lawrence , Otago , and he moved there from Invercargill in 1874 .

With the help of their new manager Doc McGhee they recorded the band 's debut album , Bon Jovi , which was released on January 21 , 1984 .

This is the final stage in the viral life cycle .

Charles Dana , editor of the New York Sun , attacked The World and said Pulitzer was `` deficient in judgment and in staying power . ''

`` foreigners ' soy sauce '' -RRB- is the Hokkien name for Worcestershire sauce .

Because very early web browsers were either completely incapable of handling CSS , or render CSS very poorly , designers today often routinely use CSS filters that completely prevent these browsers from accessing any of the CSS .

Peynier is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .

This template rounds up a numeric value to a limited number of decimal places .

This might be interpreted as : with probability 0.95 we will find a confidence interval in which we will meet the parameter Î 1\/4 between the stochastic endpoints

For example , say a study is conducted which involves 40 statistical tests at 95 % confidence , and which produces 3 positive results .

Bertha weakened quickly over land , and dissipated over southern Texas ten hours after making landfall .

Bertha was one of only three tropical cyclones to make landfall on both Louisiana and Texas ; the others being Allison in 2001 and Fern in 1971 .

Interestingly enough , Ptolemy XIII sent Pompey 's head to Caesar in an effort to win his favor , but Caesar was not pleased about receiving the head of his son-in-law in a box .

Although reluctant at first , Keenan agreed and , in 1990 , Tool was formed .

Myriapods have a single pair of antennae and , in most cases , simple eyes .

The Berwickshire News is still published weekly , and numerous organizations and groups have retained Berwickshire in their titles -LRB- i.e. : the Berwickshire Housing Association , Berwickshire Sports Council -RRB- .

The area between Amsterdam , Haarlem and Leiden was , in prehistoric times swampland and small lakes .

The inhabitants took their collections of ` souvenirs ' with them .

Between these two styles is the Transitional style , and this is the style which is characteristic of the nave .

The capital city is Slatina .

The center , which had retained its medieval character until then , was almost levelled .

Adasaurus is unique among dromaeosaurids in having much smaller sickle claws on its hind feet .

In 1925 , when he first proposed an agreement with France , he made it clear that in doing so he intended to `` gain a free hand to secure a peaceful change of the borders in the East and -LRB- ... -RRB- concentrate on a later incorporation of German territories in the East '' .

Gustav and KÃ the had two sons , Wolfgang and Joachim Stresemann .

Stresemann later wrote : `` Chamberlain had never been our friend .

He was co-laureate of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1926 .

The Western Isles became part of the SuÃ reyjar kingdom of the Norse , who ruled for over 400 years until sovereignty was transferred to Scotland by the Treaty of Perth in 1266 .

This template is used in hundreds of articles .

`` Lake of the Four Forested Cantons '' -RRB- is a lake in central Switzerland and the fourth largest in the country .

Nevertheless , the Chinese government has never officially repudiated the tactics of Mao . Deng Xiaoping , who was opposed to the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution , has to a certain extent rejected Mao 's legacy , famously saying that Mao was `` 70 % right and 30 % wrong '' .

Nothing is known about Gilles until 1419 , when he became organist at the church of Ste . Waudru in Mons .

The asteroid 3936 Elst was named in his honor .

`` Wibbling Rivalry '' is the title of a single released under the name `` Oas \* s '' by the Fierce Panda record label in 1995 .

Originating in the eastern Mediterranean coast of the Middle East -LRB- modern Israel and Palestine -RRB- , it quickly spread to Syria , Mesopotamia , Asia Minor and Egypt , it grew in size and influence over a few decades , and by the 4th century had become the dominant religion within the Roman Empire .

As it approached , it sucked the water out of the bay , causing the Manatee River to be so low you could walk a horse across it .

A second North Carolina hurricane hit Ocracoke , North Carolina on August 24 , drowning livestock and washing away homes .

The first season ended its run on March 29 , 2008 .

Lockon Stratos Born Neil Dylandy , Lockon decided to join Celestial Being after losing his parents and little sister to terrorists in Ireland ; because of this , he loathes terrorists .

Due to his previous religious brainwashing -LRB- and awakening from it -RRB- , Setsuna no longer believes that God exists .

Incheon Metropolitan City is located in northwestern Korea .

The okapi was adopted as an emblem by the now defunct International Society of Cryptozoology .

Of the original eleven QMJHL teams , eight came from the QJHL , two from the MMJHL , and the Cornwall Royals , from Cornwall , Ontario , near the Quebec border , who transferred from in the Central Junior A Hockey League . The Rosemont National and Laval Saints transferred from the MMJHL .

The F. W. Murnau film The Grand Duke 's Finances -LRB- German : Die Finanzen des GroÃ herzogs -RRB- is based on of the same name .

Furthermore , after the war was created the Free Territory of Trieste in north-western Istria : in the years following the division of the territory between Italy and Yugoslavia , up to 40,000 Istrian Italians chose to leave the Yugoslav `` B zone '' and move to the `` A zone '' or Italy for various reasons - some were intimidated into leaving and some simply preferred not to live in Josip Broz Tito 's Yugoslavia .

In Canada , U.S. paper sizes are a de facto standard .

`` Every stenographic report , good , bad and indifferent , says ` that the nation shall , under God , have a new birth of freedom . '

The office , in one form or another , is older than both the United States Constitution and the United States Declaration of Independence .

Although LÃ 1\/4 Bu knew Gao Shun was very loyal , his advice was not always welcome .

Lubbock is home to Texas Tech University , which was established on February 10 , 1923 , as Texas Technological College . It is the leading institution of the Texas Tech University System and has the sixth largest student body in the state of Texas .

The London County Council Tramways was an extensive network of public street tramways that was operated by the council throughout the County of London , UK , from 1899 to 1933 , when they were taken over by the London Passenger Transport Board .

New Year 's Eve is observed on December 31 , the final day of the Gregorian calendar , the day before New Year 's Day .

The Parks department is also in the process of adding an additional park to the city , to be named Teloh Calapooia Park .

The city hall houses the city managers officer , Finance office , Community development office , public works-engineering office , parks and recreation department officer , and the fire administration office .

During 1853 â `` 1854 , residents of the east side of Albany persuaded the Oregon Legislative Assembly to name both town Takenah .

A member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame since 2001 -LRB- his induction speech was given by longtime fan Keith Richards -RRB- , Burton has also been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame .

The tenth match of the event was the encounter of The Undertaker and Kane , which would be Undertaker 's first match since he was buried alive at Survivor Series 2003 .

WrestleMania XX was the third WrestleMania at Madison Square Garden but the fourth to take place in the New York metropolitan area -LRB- following WrestleMania I , WrestleMania 2 , and WrestleMania X -RRB- .

Like the other books in the series , The Titan 's Curse is of the fantasy genre , using the concepts of ancient Greek mythology in a modern setting .

The shallow crest is alternately spotted yellow and black .

The word is used in a broad sense to encompass a number of such types of places of interment or , occasionally , burial , including :

In many non-Western cultural contexts , such as Afghanistan , Vietnam , and China , it is also important to find `` win-win '' solutions ; however , getting there can be very different .

George Mason Universityâ s Institute of Conflict Analysis and Resolution offers undergraduate , certificate and masters programs in Conflict Analysis and Resolution and a Ph. D. program in The Philosophy in Conflict and Conflict Resolution .

For two years , Park served as part of the 15th Security Battalionâ s signals unit .

The passenger ship SS Yongala sank off Cape Bowling Green , Queensland , Australia on 23 March 1911 . En route from Melbourne to Cairns she steamed into a cyclone and sank south of Townsville .

Time is not considered in Eriugena 's definition ; thus , his definition includes everything that exists , has existed and will exist , as well as everything that does not exist , has never existed and will never exist .

At this stage , the matter in the universe was mainly a hot , dense plasma of negative electrons , neutral neutrinos and positive nuclei .

Messon is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .

Meredith Leigh Monroe -LRB- born December 30 , 1968 -RRB- , is an American actress who portrayed Andie McPhee on Dawson 's Creek from 1998 to 2000 .

The number of clans varies by nation , currently from three to eight , with a total of nine different clan names .

However , in comparing the magnetic fields of the two planets , scientists now think the extreme orientation may be characteristic of flows in the planets ' interiors .

He was having an affair and divorcing his wife at the time .

Jimmie Johnson has won the last five consecutive Sprint Cup Series drivers ' championships .

Reynolds has been married three times .

Princeton University is a private research university located in Princeton , New Jersey , United States .

The ship finally cleared the storm without capsizing by noon , and finally got to see a sunset by the evening of the 29th -LRB- from Chronicles of the Frigate Macedonian 1809-1922 p. 129-139 -RRB- .

Interestingly , it appears to have been lured northward by an unusual June snowstorm across New England .

The cyclone then recurved between the United States East coast and Bermuda by September 25 .

Queries the server to see if the clients in the space-separated list are currently on the network .

Trace a path across the IRC network to a specific server or client , in a similar method to traceroute .

The province is bordered on the north by the Tacna Province of Peru , on the south by the Tamarugal Province in the TarapacÃ Region , on the east the Parinacota Province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean .

Control engineering has diversified applications that include science , finance management , and even human behavior .

During the 1924 British Mount Everest Expedition , Mallory and his climbing partner Andrew `` Sandy '' Irvine both disappeared somewhere high on the North-East ridge during their attempt to make the first ascent of the world 's highest mountain .

Of the four novels , Hyperion received the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1990 ; The Fall of Hyperion won the Locus and British Science Fiction Association Awards in 1991 ; and The Rise of Endymion received the Locus Award in 1998 .

The first motorsports event at the track consisted of 7 motorcycle races , sanctioned by the Federation of American Motorcyclists -LRB- FAM -RRB- on August 14 , 1909 .

The famed Suwannee River forms the entire eastern boundary .

There were 2,660 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile -LRB- 2\/km Â -RRB- .

From 1997 to 2002 Boutros-Ghali was Secretary-General of La Francophonie , an organization of French-speaking nations .

Her most recent non-compilation album is Live at the Troubadour , a collaboration with James Taylor , which reached # 4 on the charts , in its first week , and has sold over 400,000 copies .

Glenn Edward Lee Beck -LRB- born February 10 , 1964 -RRB- is an American conservative radio and television host , author , entrepreneur , and political commentator .

In many armies the military engineers are also called pioneers or sappers .

The Philadelphia 76ers are a professional basketball team based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .

Lolol -LRB- Mapudungun : `` land of crabs and holes '' ; -RRB- is a Chilean commune and town in Colchagua Province , O'Higgins Region , founded in 1830 .

A solstice is an astronomical event that happens twice each year when the Sun 's apparent position in the sky reaches its northernmost or southernmost extremes .

In 2008 Liam Gallagher was quoted as saying about the song : `` I ca n't fucking stand that fucking song !

These bus routes are operated with a London Service Permit issued by Transport for London , and are generally routes from towns just outside the Greater London boundary to destinations within .

Recent editors include Peter Blunden , Simon Pristel , Phil Gardner and Bruce Guthrie .

Before meeting Hitler , to appease the public , PaveliÄ published an `` Important Government Announcement '' -LRB- Â '' VaÅ 3\/4 na obavijest VladeÂ `` -RRB- , in which he threatened those who were spreading the news `` about non-existent threats of disarmament of the Ustashe units by representatives of one foreign power , about the Croatian Army replacement by a foreign army , about the possibility that a foreign power would seize the power in Croatia ... ''

The British Army , however , turned disarmed soldiers and civilians over to the partisan forces .

Glendale is the home to the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFL -RRB- .

Many school districts serve the city of Glendale .

Sadova is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .

The others are Bart Starr , Joe Namath , Terry Bradshaw , Joe Montana , Emmitt Smith , and Steve Young .

Released on 18 January 1983 through A&M Records , the album became a huge commercial success in Canada and the United States whereas outside North America , the album did poorly .

The abbey church , although legally a cathedral church , differs in certain particulars from most of the other cathedrals in England : it is also used as a parish church , of which the dean is rector .

The date of Alban 's execution is a matter of some debate and is generally given as `` circa 250 '' -- scholars generally suggest dates of 209 , 254 or 304 .

Local residents often call it `` the abbey '' , although the present cathedral represents only the church of the old Benedictine abbey .

Below the crossing tower special large stones were used .

Nordic skiing is a winter sport that encompasses all types of skiing where the heel of the boot can not be fixed to the ski , as opposed to Alpine skiing .

The accordion 's basic form is believed to have been invented in Berlin in 1822 by Christian Friedrich Ludwig Buschmann , although one instrument has been recently discovered that appears to have been built earlier .

The only baseball figure to attend the funeral was Bob Cain , the pitcher who had walked him .

Cells respond to a hormone when they express a specific receptor for that hormone .

Fossil Mysticeti had teeth before baleen evolved .

Players are awarded 5 points for a game win and the loser is awarded points based on the score achieved : 3 for deuce , 2 for 30 and 1 for 15 .

It was in this year that the band took the name Keane .

Johannes -LRB- `` Hans '' -RRB- Paulus Gillhaus -LRB- born 5 November 1963 in Helmond , Noord-Brabant -RRB- is a former Dutch footballer , who played for PSV Eindhoven and Aberdeen primarily as a left sided forward .

Robert Trujillo -LRB- ; born Roberto AgustÃ n Miguel Santiago Samuel Trujillo Veracruz on October 23 , 1964 -RRB- is an American bassist who currently plays bass in Metallica .

The main river is navigable for large ocean steamers to Manaus , 1500 k upriver from the mouth .

A characteristic feature of diatom cells is that they are encased within a unique cell wall made of silica -LRB- hydrated silicon dioxide -RRB- called a frustule .

Queen + Paul Rodgers was a collaboration between Brian May and Roger Taylor of Queen and Paul Rodgers -LRB- formerly of Bad Company , Free , The Firm and The Law -RRB- .

He then proceeded to harass ships off the Italian coast .

In 2007 he faced vocal issues which threatened his career with two months of prescribed vocal rest .

Percy was portrayed by Logan Lerman in Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief , a film adaptation of the first book of the first series , released in February 2010 .

In addition , there was a report of sustained winds of approximately 45 mph -LRB- 75 km\/h -RRB- on the island .

Cruck Cottage can be architecturally dated to being around 800 years old and as such may be the oldest house in South Oxfordshire .

Local legend has it that Oliver Cromwell addressed the villagers on his way to his niece 's wedding , in neighbouring Little Wittenham .

The series premiered Thursday , September 17 , 2009 , and airs in the 8:00 pm ET time slot . It previously aired in the 9:30 pm ET time slot , beginning with its premiere , but later relocated with its fourth episode .

In the Dominican Republic , officials opened shelters in 15 provinces , with citizens in low-lying areas recommended to stay elsewhere during the passage of the storm ; citizens in 22 communities were evacuated .

In 1927 the family moved to East St. Louis , Illinois .

Traditionally , the order Ciconiiformes has included a variety of large , long-legged wading birds with large bills : storks , herons , egrets , ibises , spoonbills , and several others .

`` Grand Central Station '' is the name of the nearby post office , as well as the name of a previous rail station on the site , and it is also used to refer to a New York City subway station at the same location .

In 1938 , with the city under Japanese control , Norwood Francis Allman -LRB- 1893-1987 -RRB- , an American lawyer who had been U.S. Consul in Shanghai in the early 1920s , was asked by the paper 's Chinese owners to take over as editor ; Time wrote in 1940 : `` A fluent Chinese linguist , Allman reads every story that goes into Shun Pao , writes editorials , corrects editorials written by staff members .

To the north lie Namibia , Botswana and Zimbabwe ; to the east are Mozambique and Swaziland ; while Lesotho is an enclave surrounded by South African territory .

It has particularly high temperatures , and is also the location of extended subtropical agriculture .

This area is popularly known as the Garden Route .

Over the years , the league has evolved into a small league consisting of only eight teams , and two minor divisions .

G.P. Joshi , the program coordinator of the Indian branch of the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative in New Delhi comments that the main issue at hand concerning police violence is a lack of accountability of the police .

Many mass-produced handles are made of unfinished raw wood ; better quality handles are of seasoned hardwood .

AgÃ 1\/4 ero was born in Quilmes , Buenos Aires on 2 June 1988 into a large family with seven children .

He is perhaps best known for his roles in the Hollywood films Rushmore , Spun , I â Huckabees , Shopgirl , Marie Antoinette , The Darjeeling Limited , and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World .

In 1936 , a group of wealthy residents of Long Island , including E. Roland Harriman , approached Grumman and commissioned an aircraft that they could use to fly to New York City .

Manuel Enrique JimÃ nez Abalo -LRB- born 27 October 1956 in VilagarcÃ a de Arousa , Pontevedra , Galicia -RRB- is a former Spanish footballer , who played as a central defender .

Males had a median income of $ 26,694 versus $ 17,863 for females .

About 14.50 % of families and 19.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 23.90 % of those under age 18 and 16.10 % of those age 65 or over .

The Supreme Court of the United States heard arguments in the appeal of the case March 1 , 2010 .

Dandurand was also a boxing and wrestling promoter in Montreal and a director of the Montreal Royals baseball team .

In November 1828 , Hume journeyed with Charles Sturt into western New South Wales , where they discovered the Darling River , the Murray River 's longest tributary .

As such , the nobility and the clergy sometimes accepted communes , but other times did not .

The prefecture also boasts Japan 's second-highest agricultural output .

AIDS stigma exists around the world in a variety of ways , including ostracism , rejection , discrimination and avoidance of HIV infected people ; compulsory HIV testing without prior consent or protection of confidentiality ; violence against HIV infected individuals or people who are perceived to be infected with HIV ; and the quarantine of HIV infected individuals . Stigma-related violence or the fear of violence prevents many people from seeking HIV testing , returning for their results , or securing treatment , possibly turning what could be a manageable chronic illness into a death sentence and perpetuating the spread of HIV .

In February 2008 , she hosted the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ' Science and Technical Awards .

The simulated crab meat product kanikama -LRB- short for kani-kamaboko -RRB- , the best-known form of surimi in the West , is a type of kamaboko .

A supercentenarian is someone who has reached the age of 110 or older .

The CBSO has recorded substantially for labels such as EMI Classics , Warner Classics , and Orfeo .

Captain America is a fictional character , a superhero that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics .

A new slide would trigger a very large tsunami that would be devastating for the coast areas around the North Sea and the Norwegian Sea .

Bourg-Saint-Christophe is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .

Eight expansion packs have been released with no current plans for more expansion packs beyond The Sims 2 : Apartment Life .

Schaunard , the musician of the group , arrives with food , firewood , wine , cigars , and money , and he explains the source of his riches , a job with an eccentric English gentleman .

In Japanese , the city has been called KyÅ -LRB- ä -RRB- , Miyako -LRB- é 1\/2 -RRB- or KyÅ no Miyako -LRB- ä ã é 1\/2 -RRB- . In the 11th century , the city was renamed Kyoto -LRB- `` capital city '' -RRB- , after the Chinese word for capital city , jingdu -LRB- ä é 1\/2 -RRB- .

Coldplay spent most of 2004 out of the spotlight , taking a break from touring and releasing a satire music video of a song from a fictional band titled The Nappies while recording their third album .

Another distinctive feature of the work is Thucydides ' inclusion of dozens of speeches assigned to the principal figures engaged in the war .

Abruzzi Glacier is a glacier in the north of the Baltoro Kangri peak in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .

The population is 54 % urban with Managua -LRB- capital -RRB- being the largest city , home to over a million inhabitants .

Where , grave , thy victory ?

Snooker -LRB- or -RRB- is a cue sport that is played on a large green baize-covered table with pockets in each of the four corners and in the middle of each of the long side cushions .

Rise Against embarked on a North American tour with bands Rancid , Billy Talent , Killswitch Engage , and Riverboat Gamblers in June and July 2009 .

15 km north-west of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck .

Shota Kimura is a Japanese football player who plays for Matsumoto Yamaga F.C. .

The Grand Olympic Auditorium is the former name of a sports venue in Los Angeles , California , United States .

Roubion is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .

At least 40 residents were evacuated from Chinchilla .

The study also indicated that increased ejaculation through masturbation rather than intercourse would be more helpful as intercourse is associated with diseases -LRB- STDs -RRB- that may increase the risk of cancer instead .

A woman 's orgasm between one minute before and up to 45 minutes after insemination favors the chances of that sperm reaching her egg . If , for example , she has had intercourse with more than one male , such an orgasm can increase the likelihood of a pregnancy by one of them .

A remnant circulation aloft persisted , however , and was likely responsible for a period of near hurricane-force winds observed at the NWS Cedar City , Utah Doppler weather radar .

Gas metal arc welding -LRB- GMAW -RRB- , also known as metal inert gas or MIG welding , is a semi-automatic or automatic process that uses a continuous wire feed as an electrode and an inert or semi-inert gas mixture to protect the weld from contamination . Since the electrode is continuous , welding speeds are greater for GMAW than for SMAW .

Euston is the main rail gateway from London to the West Midlands , the North West , North Wales and part of Scotland .

Takanuva , with the help of the remaining uncorrupted Av-Matoran , returned the Shadow Matoran to their previous states .

Takutanuva then proceeded to open the door to the city of Metru Nui , allowing the Matoran and Toa through .

Meanwhile , Makuta created and sent out six creatures called Rahkshi to find the mask and stop the coming of the Toa of Light .

Constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy were in their infancy during Locke 's time .

Sergiu Celibidache died in La Neuville-sur-Essonne , arrondissement Pithiviers near Paris on August 14 , 1996 , at age 84 .

It became a member of the United Nations in 1993 but , as a result of a dispute with Greece over its name , it was admitted under the provisional reference of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , sometimes abbreviated as FYROM .

Ian Stuart Donaldson , singer of the band Skrewdriver , was the founder and one of the prominent leaders until his death in 1993 .

In the first days of the war , there was heavy ground fighting around strategic ports as Iraq launched an attack on Khuzestan .

According to the United States Census Bureau , the unincorporated community has a total area of 9.1 s 23.5 a.

At No Way Out , Shawn Michaels defeated John `` Bradshaw '' Layfield -LRB- JBL -RRB- in a match with the added stipulation that if JBL had won , he would have become the owner of Michaels ' name and likeness . On the February 16 episode of Raw , Michaels challenged JBL to a match the following week , with the winner advancing to WrestleMania to challenge The Undertaker to attempt to end his undefeated streak at the event .

Sun Jihai -LRB- ; born 30 September 1977 in Dalian , Liaoning , China -RRB- is a Chinese association football player .

The SNP first won a parliamentary seat at the Motherwell by-election in 1945 , but Dr Robert McIntyre MP lost the seat at the general election three months later .

If a cleaner way of doing this is developed , the template will be changed .

It is approximately 180 km north-east of Melbourne .

The island 's views of the Harbour Bridge and harbor make it a popular spot for watching the New Year 's Eve fireworks , attracting over two thousand campers for its second New Year 's Eve event in 2009 .

The Light Destroyer -LRB- DDL -RRB- program was a large project to build ten ships similar to the Royal Navy 's Type 21 or Amazon class frigate for Australia during the 1970s and early 1980s .

It is included in the Anniston-Oxford Metropolitan Statistical Area .

It is confirmed that the year 1001 was claimed to be the beginning of the 11th century and the 2nd millennium .

Despite again holding seventh spot on a shrinking list of constructors they only scored 11 points and had not impressed for much of the season .

On 21 December , it was announced that Timo Glock had been signed as the team 's second test driver .

It maintains an on-line field guide of flora and fauna called Enature.com .

The name is thought to derive from a Kyrgyz word for a churn used to make fermented mare 's milk -LRB- kumis -RRB- , the Kyrgyz national drink .

Please delete any unused fields to avoid clutter in the edit window .

As scholar Bliss Perry later wrote , Longfellow was so highly praised that criticizing him was a criminal act like `` carrying a rifle into a national park '' .

The rapidity with which American readers embraced Longfellow was unparalleled in publishing history in the United States ; by 1874 , he was earning $ 3,000 per poem .

His accusations may have been a publicity stunt to boost readership of the Broadway Journal , for which he was the editor at the time .

In a review for the BBC , Chris Jones described the song as `` nursery rhyme surrealism '' that contributed to Sgt. Pepper 's `` revolutionary ... sonic carpet that enveloped the ears and sent the listener spinning into other realms . ''

Runnells incorporated as a city on May 21 , 1903 . It was named for John S. Runnells , a former editorial writer for the Iowa State Register and private secretary for Governor Samuel Merrill .

Wake County is the 9th fastest growing county in the United States , with the Town of Cary and the City of Raleigh being the 8th and 15th fastest growing cities , respectively .

The flowers are classically pea shaped and root nodulation is very common .

As of 2007 census , Sta .

The numbers 1 and â ' 1 are coprime to every integer , and they are the only integers to be coprime with 0 .

He was Commissioner of Police of the City of London from 1950 to 1971 and was also the first head of the Royal Ulster Constabulary to be styled Chief Constable .

On the advice of Thomas Davies , the Chief Constable , he first took a course in business and accountancy .

At another level , he pushed through changes in career structures .

Ronald Edward Busniuk -LRB- born August 13 , 1948 in Fort William , Ontario -RRB- , is a Canadian hockey player .

Theo James Walcott -LRB- born 16 March 1989 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Arsenal and the England national team .

This is a guide to making persuasive unblock requests .

The scientific name refers to the East Indies , the species ' natural habitat .

Although charge exchange can happen whenever any two surfaces come into contact and separate , a static charge only remains when at least one of the surfaces has a high resistance to electrical flow -LRB- an electrical insulator -RRB- .

Robinson received a two-year suspended sentence , but the incident â `` along with other rumored run-ins between Robinson and police â `` gave Robinson a reputation for combativeness in the face of racial antagonism .

Woodrick Tracy `` Woody '' Harrelson -LRB- born July 23 , 1961 -RRB- is an American actor and comedian .

Gaelic football and hurling are the most popular activities promoted by the organization , and the most popular sports in the Republic of Ireland in terms of attendances .

The toothmarks are parallel with rough marks on the nut surface for a wood mouse ; the bank vole leaves parallel grooves with no rough marks .

This reduces server load and prevents accidental blanking of the template .

On 28 April 2006 , eHow was sold to Demand Media and wikiHow was launched as an independent site on its own www.wikihow.com domain .

In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 300 .

The last close approach was in 1996 , at 15.1 Gm , almost 40 times as far as the Moon .

Always , the next ionization energy involves removing an electron from an orbital closer to the nucleus .

In the Islamic calendar , a new day , and therefore also Eid ul-Fitr , begins at sunset .

The culmination of their musical work came when The Orb recorded a session for John Peel on BBC Radio 1 .

Relationships are visualized as evolutionary trees -LRB- synonyms : cladograms , phylogenetic trees , phylogenies -RRB- .

The title De optimo rei publicae statu deque nova insula Utopia literally translates , `` Of a republic 's best state and of the new island Utopia '' .

In various surveys and rankings it has been included among the best campuses in the nation for African Americans .

Ohio State is also the only public university in Ohio to which the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching has given both its highest overall classification of Doctoral\/Very High Research Activity and highest undergraduate admissions classification of more selective .

Cachoeira do Sul is a municipality of the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .

Adults are colored predominantly green on their upperparts and breast .

Over its existence , the administrative county lost territory , both to the existing county boroughs , and also due to the municipal borough of West Hartlepool becoming a county borough in 1902 and Darlington in 1915 .

The airline , along with its then-parent company , Northwest Airlines Corporation and subsidiaries , operated under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection which , in the United States , allows continued operation during the reorganization effort , not cessation of flights as in the case in some countries .

By early on October 31 Lorenzo became extratropical and merged with a frontal system .

Siarnaq displays light-red colors and the infrared spectrum very similar to Paaliaq and Kiviuq , supporting the thesis of a possible common origin in the break-up of a larger body .

Ofelia 's stepfather , the Falangist Captain Vidal , hunts the Spanish Maquis who fight against the Fascist reign in the region , while Ofelia 's pregnant mother grows increasingly ill. .

11001 was one of the first British Railways diesel locomotives , built in 1949 at British Railways ' Ashford Works .

The Niger is the third-longest river in Africa , exceeded only by the Nile and the Congo River -LRB- also known as the ZaÃ re River -RRB- .

There were 149 housing units at an average density of 355.7 \/ sq mi -LRB- 137.0 \/ kmÂ -RRB- .

One of these is Greater Than Sudoku .

The object is the same as standard Sudoku , but the puzzle only uses the numbers 1 through 6 .

In just a few years , Hammurabi had succeeded in uniting all of Mesopotamia under his rule .

The Bible never speaks of God in an impersonal sense . Instead , it refers to him in personal termsâ '' as one who is , who speaks , who sees , hears , acts , and loves .

Jakob `` Jaap '' Stam -LRB- born 17 July 1972 in Kampen -RRB- is a retired Dutch football player who was twice voted best defender in the 1998 â `` 99 and 1999 â `` 2000 UEFA Champions League .

Hayesville Elementary School covers grades K-4 and has an enrollment of 450 students .

They run various implementations of IRC servers , and are administered by various groups of IRC operators , but the protocol exposed to IRC users is very similar , and all IRC networks can be accessed by the same client software , although there might be slight incompatibilities and limited functionality due to the differing server implementations .

One book , written by the American Sheri Holman , attracted criticism from the City 's Mayor .

He reigned from 1670 to 1723 , and was the elder son of Grand Duke Ferdinando II .

Batesville is a city in Franklin and Ripley counties in the U.S. state of Indiana .

Wiki barnstars were introduced to Wikipedia in December 2003 .

Hydra is the outermost known natural satellite of Pluto .

The city additionally is known as the `` First City of Lights '' , being the first place in the Australia to utilise electric street lights .

The airliner was designed and marketed by McDonnell Douglas as the MD-95 , a third-generation derivative of the DC-9 .

You gave it national prominence and when London was attacked on 7 July 2005 you spoke for London . ''

They did n't give any thought to the fact that once he 'd done that he might turn on his creators .

Historical records of events have been made for thousands of years in one form or another .

Although aluminium demand is rapidly increasing , known reserves of its bauxite ore are sufficient to meet the worldwide demands for aluminium for many centuries .

Under President and CEO Reynolds , the park operated until April 13 , 2003 , when it closed after a prolonged tourism decline following the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .

Her literary career began when she was in her teens , although prior to this she had developed a love for writing which sapped her time for learning domestic skills from her mother .

PDF is most commonly used to refer to a type of Portable Document Format in computing .

Other Christian communities are Baptists , Seventh-day Adventists , the ICF Movement , Jehovah 's Witnesses , Catholics , Old Catholics and the New Apostolic Church , as well as The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .

The Alps does not form an impassable barrier ; It has been traversed for war and commerce , and later by pilgrims , students and tourists .

Some may have a feeling of fullness or burning in the upper abdomen .

The city of KitakyÅ `` shÅ `` was founded on February 10 , 1963 and was designated on April 1 , 1963 by government ordinance . The city was born from the merger of five municipalities -LRB- Moji , Kokura , Tobata , Yahata and Wakamatsu -RRB- centered around the ancient feudal city of Kokura .

Kokura was the primary target of the nuclear weapon `` Fat Man '' on August 9 , 1945 .

As a fine powder , toner can remain suspended in the air for some period , and is considered to have health effects comparable to inert dust .

A valve is a device that regulates the flow of a fluid -LRB- gases , liquids , fluidized solids , or slurries -RRB- by opening , closing , or partially obstructing various passageways .

Mercury was found in Egyptian tombs that date from 1500 BC It was also known to the ancient Chinese .

The ancient Greeks used mercury in ointments ; the ancient Egyptians and the Romans used it in cosmetics which sometimes deformed the face .

On 12 May 1797 , the Republic of Venice ended , but a few places in the Albania Veneta for several months still continued to remain loyal to the Venetian Repubblic : Perasto was the last place of the Republic to surrender .

During that period , part of its Slavic population was italianised .

Chiburdanidze finished 2nd in the Tbilisi Women 's Interzonal -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , thereby qualifying for the 1977 candidates matches .

She was 1st in tournaments in New Delhi -LRB- 1984 -RRB- and Banja Luka -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and in the next decade she finished 1st in Belgrade -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Vienna -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and in Lippstadt -LRB- 1995 -RRB- .

Before he joined the NHL , Demitra played in his native Slovakia , as well as the American Hockey League -LRB- AHL -RRB- and International Hockey League -LRB- IHL -RRB- , minor professional leagues in North America .

He was the first person to land a quadruple salchow in competition and the first person to land three quadruple jumps in one program .

Examples include Who Framed Roger Rabbit , Dick Tracy , The Nightmare Before Christmas , The Santa Clause , Remember the Titans , Sweet Home Alabama , Bringing Down the House , National Treasure , The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , Dark Water , Hidalgo , Tales of Earthsea , and Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl .

It began its operations in 2003 , positioned as a latecomer in the market allowed it to put up infrastructure at lower cost .

The console versions -LRB- excluding the PSP version -RRB- also include an extra mode entitled `` Scenario Campaign '' which bears similarities with the `` Tekken Force '' and `` Devil Within '' modes from previous installments .

After the discovery of Vesta , no further objects were discovered for 38 years .

While most of Bear 's work is science fiction , two of his early works , The Infinity Concerto and The Serpent Mage , which are now published together as one novel Songs of Earth and Power , are clearly fantasies , and Psychlone is horror .

In the books the question of cultural acceptance of something brand new and unavoidable is also brought up .

2 Baruch is a Jewish pseudepigraphical text thought to have been written in the late 1st century CE or early 2nd century CE , after the destruction of the Temple in 70 CE .

Together with proteins , nucleic acids make up the most important macromolecules ; each is found in abundance in all living things .

She has two sisters .

On Andrea Doria , the decision to abandon ship was made within 30 minutes of impact .

After these teams Check , a left winger , spent a season with the New York Rovers of the Eastern Amateur Hockey League .

He is also known for wrestling for World Wrestling Entertainment , on its SmackDown and ECW brands .

His son with Kaputikyan , poet Hovhannes Shiraz , LM Ara Shiraz , is a sculptor .

Daverdisse is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .

The comedy drama , centred on British underclass and working class culture , has been accorded critical acclaim by various sections of the British media , including The Sun newspaper and Newsnight Review on BBC Two .

On July 2 , 2005 , the tip of the whaleback broke off , causing a rockfall that sent ash and dust several hundred meters into the air .

West Kootenay Minor Football Association , Castlegar Sentinels Football Club .

The Lightning Thief was accepted by Bantam Books in 1997 and later sold in an auction to Miramax Books before being released on July 28 , 2005 .

In 2008 it was published in Serbian .

This combination has allowed the Riverina to develop into one of the most productive and agriculturally diverse areas of Australia .

Two types of star clusters can be distinguished : globular clusters are tight groups of hundreds of thousands of very old stars which are gravitationally bound , while open clusters , a more loosely clustered group of stars , generally contain less than a few hundred members , and are often very young .

Notre-Dame-d ` Estr Ã es is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .

Other cities under consideration for WrestleMania XXVIII included Los Angeles , New Orleans , New York City , Toronto , Detroit , Tampa , Vancouver , St. Louis , Jacksonville , Orlando and Houston .

Others include erotic binding-spells , spells ranged against thieves , and business and sporting rivals .

Blangy-sur-Ternoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

Antonio JosÃ Puerta PÃ rez -LRB- 26 November 1984 â `` 28 August 2007 -RRB- was a Spanish footballer , who played solely for Sevilla FC .

He finished the year seventh in the Italian series with 196 points and scoring a single podium at Valencia but failed to score a point in his handful of starts in the European races .

The United States Capitol is the meeting place of the United States Congress , the legislature of the federal government of the United States .

The United States Postal Service operates the Boydton Post Office in Boydton .

`` Goodbye Stranger '' by Supertramp takes about a minute to fade out .

Born in the small town of Dhenkanal in Orissa -LRB- India -RRB- , Sahoo earned her MA and PhD degrees in Oriya Literature and a Bachelor of Law from Utkal University .

Her novel Upanibesh was the first attempt in Oriya literature to focus on sexuality as a part of social revolt by any woman .

While working on women 's rights , she was a long close friend of Beauvoir , Jean-Paul Sartre and Beauvoir 's sister , the painter HÃ lÃ ne de Beauvoir .

It was founded by the Li -LRB- æ -RRB- family , who seized power during the decline and collapse of the Sui Empire .

He was an avid sportsman , and the famed Belmont Stakes thoroughbred horse race is named in his honor .

Dzigarkhanyan was given the title of People 's Artist of the USSR in 1985 .

EncyclopÃ dia Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite is an encyclopÃ dia published by EncyclopÃ dia Britannica , Inc. , available on DVD .

The Ford Flex is a full-size crossover manufactured by Ford Motor Company .

On his eleventh birthday , Harry learns he is a wizard when Rubeus Hagrid arrives to tell him that he is to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .

When he is sorted into Gryffindor House , he becomes fast friends with classmates Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger , and foils Voldemort 's attempt to steal the Philosopher 's Stone .

In Boccaccio 's Decameron a memorably morbid tale -LRB- novella V -RRB- tells of Lisabetta , whose brothers slay her lover .

Its flowers , when broken up , are a zesty salad condiment .

This was substantially complete ; Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin .

The area was first settled by Europeans in 1829 when Terence Aubrey Murray was granted an area of land in the area in 1829 , originally called Old Collector .

She made her professional acting dÃ but at the age of 16 in a television commercial .

President Corazon Aquino declared a state of calamity in the Visayas .

Around 1924 , he went to Harlem , a hotbed of jazz , living down the block from the Alhambra Theater .

Firm details of specific rites are sparse , as members were sworn under the penalty of death not to reveal anything about the Mysteries to non-initiates .

Hambers is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .

This version was capable of a maximum speed of 342 mph , some 25 to 30 mph faster than the Mk I. The performance of the Spitfire over Dunkirk came as a surprise to the Jagdwaffe , although the German pilots retained a strong belief that the 109 was the superior fighter .

On the other hand , Connecticut 's original Charter in 1662 granted it all the land to the `` South Sea '' , i.e. the Pacific Ocean .

Gastornis had large powerful legs , with large , taloned feet , which also were considered in support of the theory that it was a predator .

For it has been discovered , and is now well established , that the lonely inhabitant Of the rock is not a saint , but a devil .

In 1963 , the U.S. Representative from Duluth , John Blatnik , introduced a bill to observe Leif Erikson Day nationwide .

He was considered the only popular composer in the world who ruled a law-enforcement department at the same time .

Gordevio was a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .

The accepted program for handling these packages is dpkg , most commonly via other programs such as apt\/aptitude or Gdebi .

The Company was founded in October 2007 .

Since 1799 , there has been a settlement known as Dubai town .

Person vs. Society is a theme in fiction in which a main character 's , or group of main characters ' , main source of conflict is social traditions or concepts .

In the mid-1850s Staunton obtained a contract with the publishers Routledge to edit the text of Shakespeare .

A hazard does not exist when it is happening .

The User Datagram Protocol -LRB- UDP -RRB- is one of the core members of the Internet Protocol Suite , the set of network protocols used for the Internet .

He is the archenemy of Batman , having been directly responsible for numerous tragedies in Batman 's life , including the paralysis of Barbara Gordon and the death of Jason Todd , the second Robin .

It is directly on the A61 , the former Roman road Ryknield Street .

Its capital is Sarnen .

This preset is designed to fix as many of the errors listed at WikiProject Check Wikipedia as is possible for a semi-automated script .

After mating , the female will wash her vulva thoroughly .

The 2006 Commonwealth Games included 16 sports , with 12 individual sports and 4 team sports .

To avoid ambiguity with these non-unique numbers , RFC 1982 , `` Serial Number Arithmetic '' defines special rules for calculations involving these kinds of serial numbers .

The star topology reduces the probability of a network failure by connecting all of the peripheral nodes -LRB- computers , etc. -RRB- to a central node .

A special kind of mesh , limiting the number of hops between two nodes , is a hypercube .

A member of St. John 's Episcopal Church , Lafayette Square , he served as a vestryman and Senior Warden .

In the following parameters , the use of the symbol # is meant to connote a game number , which would then reflect the change with regards to application of that parameter .

Falafel grew to become a common form of street food or fast food in the Middle East .

He asked the crowd who he should keep under his belt by mentioning names of WCW wrestlers and asking for a reaction .

After high-fiving the wrestlers , he announced that ECW has been brought into the Invasion .

The third season saw the departure of Parnell , Caddell , and Herlocker and the temporary absence of O'Donnell .

As copyright holder , it has exclusive authority to enforce the GNU General Public License -LRB- GPL -RRB- when copyright infringement occurs on that software .

Atlas reveals himself as Fontaine , who faked his death to throw Ryan off his trail and take control of the city , leaving Jack at the mercy of the reactivated security systems .

Lovettsville is a town in Loudoun County , Virginia , United States .

Sorolla excelled in the painting of portraits , landscapes , and monumental works of social and historical themes .

The average depth of their dives is about 300 to 600 m , typically for around 20 min for females and 60 min -LRB- 1 hour -RRB- for males , as they search for their favorite foods , which are skates , rays , squid , octopuses , eels , penguin -LRB- southerns only -RRB- , small sharks , and large fish .

Isao Iwabuchi -LRB- born 17 November 1933 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .

The units were introduced fully on 29 September 1986 as part of the electrification of the Ayrshire Coast Line between and \/ Ardrossan with alternating current -LRB- AC -RRB- overhead lines .

2-1-1 is a special abbreviated telephone number reserved in Canada and the United States as an easy-to-remember three-digit telephone number meant to provide quick information and referrals to health and human service organizations .

The storm is considered one of the worst natural disasters in Cuban history .

Ununpentium is the temporary name of a synthetic superheavy element in the periodic table that has the temporary symbol Uup and has the atomic number 115 .

Reverse faults occur in areas where the crust is being shortened such as at a convergent boundary .

Strike-slip faults are steep structures where the two sides of the fault slip horizontally past each other ; transform boundaries are a particular type of strike-slip fault .

Crusher is the chief medical officer on board the USS Enterprise-D and its successor , the USS Enterprise-E .

The population density was 87 people per square mile -LRB- 34\/km Â -RRB- .

The Great Gerbil is a large gerbil found throughout much of Central Asia .

The final step is canonization , where the honored would receive the title of Saint .

Denver Clayton Lemaster -LRB- born -LRB- February 25 , 1939 in Corona , California -RRB- was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1962 to 1972 for the Milwaukee Braves , Atlanta Braves , Houston Astros , and Montreal Expos .

In the late 1990s , members of IMBAS , a Celtic Reconstructionist organization based in Seattle , began promoting the name Senistrognata , which they say means `` the ancestral customs of the Celtic peoples '' in reconstructed Old Celtic .

The histogram is one of the seven basic tools of quality control .

Under twelve-tone equal temperament , B sharp , for instance , sounds the same as , or is enharmonically equivalent to , C natural , and E sharp is enharmonically equivalent to F natural .

James Watt , FRS , FRSE -LRB- 19 January 1736 â `` 25 August 1819 -RRB- was a Scottish inventor and mechanical engineer whose improvements to the Newcomen steam engine were fundamental to the changes brought by the Industrial Revolution in both the Kingdom of Great Britain and the world .

Flavors of Entanglement is the seventh studio album , fifth international release and last Maverick Records release by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette .

This allows you to repeat certain fields by adding a second Characteristics box with a hidden header .

Aurora is the Latin word for dawn , the goddess of dawn in Roman mythology and Latin poetry .

The campus ' office of public affairs recognizes two official names for the university : `` California State Polytechnic University , Pomona '' and `` Cal Poly Pomona '' . However , `` Cal Poly '' has also been used to refer to Cal Poly Pomona , as both itself and California Polytechnic State University at San Luis Obispo , California were one institution spanning two locations from 1938 to 1966 .

La BoissiÃ re is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .

Juan Diego FlÃ rez was born in Lima , Peru , on January 13 , 1973 where his father , RubÃ n FlÃ rez , was a noted guitarist and singer of Peruvian popular and criolla music .

After the death of President Paul von Hindenburg on 2 August 1934 , Hitler assumed the office of ReichsprÃ sident , and thus became commander in chief .

The term Wehrmacht is in Article 47 of the 1919 Weimar Constitution , establishing that : Der ReichsprÃ sident hat den Oberbefehl Ã 1\/4 ber die gesamte Wehrmacht des Reiches -LRB- â The National President holds supreme command of all armed forces of the nationâ -RRB- .

The district of Locarno -LRB- also called Locarnese -RRB- is a district of Canton Ticino , Switzerland .

These include the operators of passenger services , which are , rather confusingly , officially referred to as `` train operating companies '' or TOCs , as distinct from `` freight operating companies '' .

Smaller centres include Premaydena , Highcroft and Stormlea .

Ã lber Giovane de Souza , simply Ã lber -LRB- born 23 July 1972 in Londrina , ParanÃ -RRB- , is a retired Brazilian footballer , who played as a striker .

Throughout the 3rd century , the Praetorians assisted the emperors in various campaigns .

In time , this cohort came to be known as the cohors praetoria , and various notable figures possessed one , including Julius Caesar , Mark Antony and Augustus -LRB- Octavian -RRB- .

`` Diastolic pressure '' refers to the lowest pressure within the arterial blood stream occurring during each heart beat .

Jefferson Parish -LRB- French : Paroisse de Jefferson -RRB- is a parish in Louisiana , United States that includes most of the suburbs of New Orleans .

Although MCA owned the studio lot , but not Universal Pictures , it was increasingly influential on Universal 's product .

Distribution and other corporate offices are in New York City .

Universal Pictures is the second-longest-lived Hollywood studio ; Viacom-owned Paramount Pictures is the oldest by a month .

Diastolic pressure is minimum pressure in the arteries , which occurs near the beginning of the cardiac cycle when the ventricles are filled with blood .

The Song Thrush is occasionally a host of parasitic cuckoos , such as the Common Cuckoo , but this is very rare because the thrush recognizes the cuckoo 's non-mimetic eggs .

Pablo Gabriel GarcÃ a PÃ rez -LRB- born May 11 , 1977 in Pando , Canelones Department -RRB- is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for PAOK F.C. in Greece , as a defensive midfielder .

The peak in kamikaze attacks came during the period of Aprilâ `` June 1945 , at the Battle of Okinawa . On April 6 , 1945 , waves of planes made hundreds of attacks in Operation Kikusui -LRB- `` floating chrysanthemums '' -RRB- .

The route also includes Hamburg 's highest bridge KÃ hlbrandbrÃ 1\/4 cke .

Eastern European Summer Time -LRB- EEST -RRB- is one of the names of UTC +3 time zone , 3 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time .

In the book he revealed that nightmares of James still continue to plague him .

The Wild was ranked # 1 of the top DVD sales twice in Entertainment Weekly -LRB- The first time for October 6 â `` 12 , 2006 , the second time for October 13 â `` 19 , 2006 -RRB- .

FIFA objected to the president 's decision and threatened to evict Nigeria from the association .

He took over the role of offensive coordinator in Pittsburgh for the 2004 season after Mike Mularkey became the head coach of the Buffalo Bills .

Saint-L Ã onard is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .

Though she had initially announced her intention to serve a single four-year period , she extended the term by a year following an appeal from Annan , allowing her to preside over the 2001 World Conference against Racism in Durban , South Africa , as Secretary-General .

As of 2007 , the last rainfall was a thunderstorm on May 13 , 2006 .

Ferdinand is the most distant known satellite of Uranus .

Despite being seen again on September 21 and November 15 and even a year later on August 13 and September 5 , 2002 , it was eventually lost .

